A person's goal is to flip someone over your shoulder.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Be in a fighting position with this person.
Entities and attributes: a normal position (position), fighter (position), breathing (behavior), fists (position), body (location,energy), hands (placement), chin (position), arms (position), muscles (energy), knees (flexibility), 
Step: Turn around, stepping away from them, pulling them towards you (this throws off their balance), and grab their arm.
Entities and attributes: they | person (balance), position (orientation), opponents body | opponent (balance), feet (location), body (position,location), fist (configuration), you (position,placement), arms (action), head (position), arm (activity), hand (texture), 
Step: Roll them off of your hip.
Entities and attributes: they | person (location | position), opponents body | opponent (location), feet (location,motion), hip (activity,coverage), hands (touch), arms (direction), 
Step: Once they are on the ground make sure they slap the floor as they hit to prevent friction.
Entities and attributes: they | person (location | position), opponent's hands (contact), opponents body | opponent (location), body (movement), floor (fullness), 

A person's goal is to reduce liquids from dripping into your trash can.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Examine the trash bag you place in the garbage.
Entities and attributes: trash bag container (weight | fullness), trash can | trash bag (location,position), trash bag roll (size), floor (clarity), 
Step: Lay one layer (or section) of newspaper along the bottom of a clean, empty trash can.
Entities and attributes: newspaper (location,orientation,weight,ownership), trash can | trash bag (fullness,openness,cleanness,container), 
Step: Place plastic trash bag in the trash can.
Entities and attributes: newspaper (coverage), trash can | trash bag (fullness,location,lining,visibility), plastic bag (location,openness), 
Step: Add a layer of newspaper to the bottom of the trash bag.
Entities and attributes: newspaper (location), trash can | trash bag (fullness,weight,container), trash bag handle (tightness), 

A person's goal is to wear suitable clothing for hula hooping.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wear clothes made from natural fibers (cotton, silk, linen, hemp and such) as much as possible.
Entities and attributes: other clothes (wearing), clothes (location,cost,material,size), clothing (composition,material), skin (temperature), 
Step: Remove any belts with large buckles.
Entities and attributes: buckles (wearing), belt | belts (location,location,weight), body (tension), 
Step: Be careful about necklaces, bracelets and earrings.
Entities and attributes: necklaces (awareness), 
Step: Remove any extra layers of clothing, such as jackets and sweaters.
Entities and attributes: jacket | sweater (location,location,placement), extra layers (wearing,location), clothes (thickness), clothing (depth,weight), bin (fullness), body (temperature), person (temperature), 

A person's goal is to preserve an autograph on a baseball.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Allow the ink to dry.
Entities and attributes: ink (wetness | moisture,location), 
Step: Avoid excessive handling of an autographed baseball.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Keep your autographed baseball in a glass display case that protects it from UV rays.
Entities and attributes: display case (capacity), card (location), ball (location), case (openness), 
Step: Create the proper environment for your autographed baseball.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to groovehoop.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take the Groovehoop and place it on the small of your back.
Entities and attributes: groovehoop | groovehop (location,step), grovehoop (grovehoop placement), back (organization), 
Step: Try the walking trick.
Entities and attributes: groovehoop | groovehop (movement), hips (movement), 
Step: Try the turning trick.
Entities and attributes: groovehoop | groovehop (movement), legs (movement), 
Step: Keep practicing.
Entities and attributes: groovehoop | groovehop (newness), person (skill,familiarity), 

A person's goal is to take head measurements for making hats.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Measure around the head.
Entities and attributes: head (knowledge), tape measure (tape measure), 
Step: Measure your head from back to front.
Entities and attributes: head (head,knowledge), 
Step: Measure your head from side to side.
Entities and attributes: head (head,knowledge), 
Step: Finished.[3]######//<!
Entities and attributes: project (complexity), 

A person's goal is to fight a fish.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take It Easy - The first thing to do is relax.
Entities and attributes: fish (freeness | location), person (tension | agitation), 
Step: Steady As She Goes - When the fish slows down and stops taking more line, it’s time to go to work.
Entities and attributes: fish (energy level,speed,activity), line (length,location,wetness,movement), 
Step: Close The Deal - When the fish gets close, this is a critical time in the fight because often it will panic when it sees the boat.
Entities and attributes: fish (emotional state | calmness | mood,activity,distance), person (emotional  state), 
Step: Catch And Release - Use a net to land the fish.
Entities and attributes: fish (freeness | location,freedom), net (fullness,moisture | wetness,step), boat (fullness), 

A person's goal is to squeeze up toothpaste tubes with a binder clip.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a medium-sized binder clip.
Entities and attributes: binder clip (location), hand (fullness), 
Step: Leave the tube open to avoid creating trapped air.
Entities and attributes: toothpaste tube (length | weight,straightness,covering), clip (location), toothbrush holder (fullness), tube (openness), 
Step: Squeeze the paste you need without any further hassle.
Entities and attributes: toothpaste tube (length | weight,fullness), paste (location), task (difficulty), tube (volume), hand (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: task (completion), 

A person's goal is to make a sewing machine needle easier to thread.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Obtain some white liquid paper.
Entities and attributes: liquid paper (ownership | cost), written text (cleanness), writing (material), white liquid paper (availability), the liquid paper (location), 
Step: Paint a little on the spindle that holds the foot just behind the eye of the needle.
Entities and attributes: spindle | the spindle (color,wetness | dryness,weight), foot (location), the bottle of white liquid paper (weight,volume), white liquid paper (location), the brush (location), 
Step: Allow to dry before use.
Entities and attributes: spindle | the spindle (wetness | dryness), liquid paper (weight of the bottle), the brush (wetness,location), object (availability), area (moisture), 
Step: Shift the metal plate that slides in and covers the shuttle and hold it at the back of the needle.
Entities and attributes: shuttle (location), metal plate | the metal plates (location,orientation), back of needle (stability), 

A person's goal is to hold your baby in the swimming pool.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use the hug hold.
Entities and attributes: they (holding), baby (location,moisture,placement), 
Step: Try the face-to-face hold.
Entities and attributes: they (holding,position), baby (location,placement), 
Step: Practice the modified face-to-face hold.
Entities and attributes: they (holding,position), 
Step: Use the pass hold.
Entities and attributes: pass hold (step), they (holding,palcement), baby (placement), 

A person's goal is to make mango marinade.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare and measure all ingredients.
Entities and attributes: mango, lemon and garlic (size), ingredients | the ingredients (location,readiness), olive oil (location), mango (location,ownership), measuring cup (location), cutting board (location), knife (location), 
Step: Add all the ingredients to a food processor.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | the ingredients (composition,location), the food processor (weight,cleanness,volume,wetness), food processor (cleanness,location), food processer (container), mango (temperature,size), 
Step: Blend thoroughly until you achieve a smooth texture.
Entities and attributes: mixture | the texture of the ingredients (texture), ingredients | the ingredients (composition,texture), food processor (location), 
Step: Use this mixture to marinate pork, chicken, or other poultry products.
Entities and attributes: the mixture (location), the blender (weight), the food (taste,weight), marinade (location), meat (taste,location), pan (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to compete level six in gymnastics.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: If you are finished competing level 5 start working on all the level 6 skills, preparing for the next meet season.
Entities and attributes: level 6 (completion | task), gymnast (skill,readiness), next season (knowledge), level 5 (completion), 
Step: A hard event.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Schedule a private with your coach.
Entities and attributes: gymnast (education), private (appointment), lesson (organization), appointment (time), 
Step: Do the floor.
Entities and attributes: gymnast (readiness), 

A person's goal is to remove copper stains from baths and showers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make up a paste.
Entities and attributes: baking powder and cream of tartar | baking soda (dryness,composition,location), cream of tartar (location), spoon (location), ingredients (organization | complexity,location,amount,granularity), bowl (volume), liquid (thickness), 
Step: Spread the paste across the blue-green stain.
Entities and attributes: paste (location | distance,shape | power,area | age), scrub sponge (cleanness), stain (visibility), container (container), 
Step: Leave the paste to work on the stain.
Entities and attributes: paste (location | distance,time), stain (visibility), 
Step: Rinse off the paste.
Entities and attributes: paste (location | distance,moisture,shape | power,area | age), tile (cleanness), stain (visibility,color), water (location,clarity), 

A person's goal is to create laundry detergent cap shakers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wash and dry the laundry caps with hot water and soap really good.
Entities and attributes: the laundry caps | the laundry cap rim | the laundry cap | laundry caps (cleanness | composition,weight,wetness | moisture,cleanness), the soap container (weight | volume), the sink faucet (usage), the sink water (temperature), the faucet (location), the soap (location,wetness), water (location), soap (location), 
Step: Measure and pour the rice or kernels into one cap.
Entities and attributes: the rice or kernels container (weight | volume), the laundry caps | the laundry cap rim | the laundry cap | laundry caps (volume,weight), the rice or kernels | the rice (location,movement,density), the measuring cup (usage), the cap | cap (weight,volume,composition | container,cleanness), rice (location), the container (composition), bag (volume), measuring cup (volume), 
Step: Place glue on both cap rims.
Entities and attributes: the laundry caps | the laundry cap rim | the laundry cap | laundry caps (cleanness | composition), the glue bottle (volume | weight,usage,density), the glue (density), the cap | cap (weight), the rims | rims (wetness | moisture), glue (location,moisture), cap rims (texture), cap rim (wetness), bottle (volume), 
Step: Shake the cap shaker for enjoyment and fun.
Entities and attributes: the laundry caps | the laundry cap rim | the laundry cap | laundry caps (composition,complexity,color), the caps (location), 

A person's goal is to climb a rope with just your arms.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Hold the rope at arm level in front of your chest.
Entities and attributes: hands | arms | hand | arm (openness | location | position,height,fullness), rope (tension,usage,distance), muscles (tension), 
Step: Place one hand at about chin-nose height.
Entities and attributes: hands | arms | hand | arm (openness | location | position,location | position), 
Step: Pull your arm down so that your hand is around nipple height.
Entities and attributes: hands | arms | hand | arm (openness | location | position,height,location | position), 
Step: Once your highest hand is at step 3, repeat steps 2-3 with your other arm, "walking" up the rope.
Entities and attributes: hands | arms | hand | arm (location | position), 

A person's goal is to construct paralettes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase PVC pipe to make a set of parallettes:
Entities and attributes: straight section of pvc pipe | pvc pipe (ownership,location,ownership), pvc elbow joints (location), pvc y-connectors (ownership), pvc pipe (availability), money (location), 
Step: Cut the PVC into sections using a hacksaw:
Entities and attributes: hacksaw (location,usage), straight section of pvc pipe | pvc pipe (number,wholeness,size), hacksaw blade (shape), sandpaper (cleanness), pvc (composition,shape | size), 
Step: Assemble the pieces as shown:
Entities and attributes: pvc pieces (continuity), pieces (composition | organization), 
Step: Repeat step 3 for the second paralette.
Entities and attributes: paralette (composition), 

A person's goal is to select and store tamarillos.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Tamarillos should be fresh, with no green skin around the calyx.
Entities and attributes: the tamarillos | tamarillos | the tamarillo (location | ownership,shape,knowledge), you (knowledge,location,cost), tamarillo (color,hardness), 
Step: Tamarillos can be stored at room temperature or in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: the tamarillos | tamarillos | the tamarillo (location | ownership,temp,location,temperature), fridge (volume), 
Step: When using tamarillos, wash first.
Entities and attributes: the tamarillos | tamarillos | the tamarillo (location | ownership,wetness | moisture | dryness,weight,cleanness,temperature), your hands (wetness,cleanness), water (location), dirt (location), soap (location), sink (moisture), person (action), 
Step: Use the tamarillo.
Entities and attributes: the tamarillos | tamarillos | the tamarillo (weight,shape,orientation), the cutting board (wetness,cleanness), the tamarillo (composition), the knife (cleanness,wetness), towel (cleanness), knife (cleanness,action), 

A person's goal is to surf a wave in one day.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Before you start hanging ten on a 12 foot (3.7 m) wave in Hawaii, try riding your first few waves lying down.
Entities and attributes: board | person (location,wetness,position,familiarity), 
Step: Choose the right wave.
Entities and attributes: board | person (knowledge), wave (knowledge), 
Step: Once again, before you start trying to surf a wave standing up, have a practice on the beach.
Entities and attributes: board | person (location,wetness,position,usage), surfer (orientation), ocean (population density), 
Step: Wipe out.
Entities and attributes: board | person (location,wetness,position), surfer (location), waves (orientation), 

A person's goal is to do calf raises while washing the dishes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart.
Entities and attributes: feet (distance | location,orientation | position), body | ankles (position), muscles (tension), 
Step: Lift up on your toes and hold for 10 seconds.
Entities and attributes: feet (distance | location,orientation | position), toes (strength), calves (strength), heels (location), body | ankles (height), knees (strength), 
Step: Lower your feet to the floor.
Entities and attributes: feet (distance | location,orientation | position), toes (strength), calves (strength), heels (location), knees (strength), 
Step: Repeat for as long as it is comfortable.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to clean satin pillows and cushions.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Attach the soft brush attachment to the vacuum cleaner.
Entities and attributes: vacuum (power,fullness,orientation), vacuum hose (weight,length), brush head (location), feathers (location), attachment (location), vacuum cleaner (location), 
Step: If there are stains on any of the pillows or cushions, these should be treated with spot cleaning focused just on the stain:
Entities and attributes: pillows | cushions | cushion | pillow | pillow case | pillowcases (cleanness,moisture,dryness), talkum bottle (weight,fullness), talkum (location), stains (moisture), stain (color), spot cleaner bottle (location), 
Step: If you cannot remove a stain using the method suggested previously, you could try laundering a cushion or pillow that has a removable cover.
Entities and attributes: pillows | cushions | cushion | pillow | pillow case | pillowcases (location,location,dryness,coverage,coverage), pillowcase | pillowcases (moisture,cleanness), pillow cover | cushion cover (cleanness), basin (moisture), soap (location), cover (cleanness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: pillows | cushions | cushion | pillow | pillow case | pillowcases (cleanness,location,location,color,dryness), pillowcase | pillowcases (moisture,smell), wash basin (fullness), 

A person's goal is to tie an alpine butterfly knot.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Form a bight in the middle of a rope.
Entities and attributes: rope (tension | flexibility | tightness,shape | position), 
Step: Bring the top loop down over the bottom loop, folding it at the junction between the two loops.
Entities and attributes: loop | top loop (location), loops (organization), rope (shape | position), 
Step: Take the farthest edge of the bottom loop from the first loop and bring that through the second (smaller) loop.
Entities and attributes: loop | top loop (position), rope (shape | position), smaller loop (fullness), bottom loop (location), 
Step: Tighten all the way.
Entities and attributes: knot (strength), rope (tension | flexibility | tightness,length), 

A person's goal is to create your fighting style.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take a moment to search yourself before creating your fighting style.
Entities and attributes: style (knowledge), concentration (mental activity), thoughts (thoughts), senses (perception), self (state of being), yourself (self-discovery), 
Step: Get a willing sparring partner, preferably of similar ability and similar size.
Entities and attributes: sparring partner (placement), learner (group size,activity,preparededness,shared goals), size (size), partner (availability), 
Step: Begin molding your personal fighting style.
Entities and attributes: learner (knowledge | ability,physical state,strength,skill), fighting style (complexity,identity), 
Step: Apply a moral to be perfectly confident in your fighting style.
Entities and attributes: confidence (growth | strength), learner (mental state,emotions), 

A person's goal is to teach a dog catch a frisbee.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Bend over slightly and hold frisbee in your hand, horizontal to the ground, at the height of the dog&#x27;s mouth.
Entities and attributes: frisbee | the frisbee (location,altitude,altitude), dog | you | the dog | person (focus,orientation,orientation | posture,shape), person's hand (orientation), your head (altitude), 
Step: Teach running and grabbing.
Entities and attributes: frisbee | the frisbee (location), dog | you | the dog | person (knowledge,knowledge,speed,orientation,speed), your dog (knowledge), arm (flexibility), 
Step: Teach jumping and grabbing.
Entities and attributes: frisbee | the frisbee (location,distance), dog | you | the dog | person (knowledge,knowledge,height | altitude), dog's mouth (orientation), dog's feet (location), arm (length), 

A person's goal is to choose fennel.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look for smooth, white skin.
Entities and attributes: fennel (size | shape,cleanness,color), 
Step: Choose firm, young fennel for roasting.
Entities and attributes: fennel (size | shape,texture,knowledge,temperature), 
Step: The rest of the bulb is edible but if you find that the outer pieces of the bulb are stringy, simply remove them.
Entities and attributes: fennel (size | shape), bulb (texture), out pieces (location), 
Step: Keep it wrapped in the vegetable crisper for up to a week.
Entities and attributes: fennel (size | shape,temperature,location), bulb (temperature), fridge (volume), 

A person's goal is to make your own backyard batting aid.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, you will need to gather all of the required supplies.
Entities and attributes: bat, whiffle ball and rope (location), fit between ball and rope (knowledge), rope | pole | the rope (availability), ball | bat (availability), baseball familiarity (knowledge), whiffle ball (availability), you (possesion), supplies (organization,position), 
Step: Next you will string the balls through the rope so that they are able to slide easily across the rope.
Entities and attributes: rope | pole | the rope (location,organization | position,fullness), ball | bat (location), balls (position,organization), 
Step: Tie both ends of the rope around a tree or pole and make sure the line is pulled tight.
Entities and attributes: rope | pole | the rope (location,pressure | tightness,organization | position), ball | bat (location), distance from pole (distance), string and ball (orientation), the rope (placement), tree (freeness), 
Step: Practice batting.
Entities and attributes: ball | bat (location), hands (location), feel (distance), you (ability), body (distance), 

A person's goal is to pass a lacrosse ball with a short stick.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use your non-dominant hand to grab the bottom of the stick, while grabbing the other end of the stick with your dominant hand somewhere near the middle of the shaft.
Entities and attributes: nondominant hand (altitude), elbow joints (shape), non-dominant hand | hand (location,fullness | position), stick | lacrosse stick (location | usage,temperature,position), dominant hand (position,location), arm muscles (tension), fingers (shape), 
Step: Place a ball in your Lacrosse stick as you set the shaft of the stick over your right shoulder.
Entities and attributes: ball | basket of lacrosse stick (location), non-dominant hand | hand (location,position), stick | lacrosse stick (location | usage), lacrosse stick (fullness,location), dominant hand (distance), net (fullness), 
Step: Grab the middle of the shaft of your Lacrosse stick with your dominant hand, but keep it at the same angle, now that the stick is balanced.
Entities and attributes: sick (balance), stick | lacrosse stick (balance,usage), dominant hand (location,fullness), 
Step: Give a long enough push/pull to toss the ball to the other player on your team.Pull the stick with your non-dominant hand and push with your dominant hand.
Entities and attributes: ball | basket of lacrosse stick (location,motion,speed), hands/arms (movement), other player's net (fullness), non-dominant hand | hand (fullness | position,activity,speed), stick | lacrosse stick (position), dominant hand (position,motion,activity), other player (position,location), net (fullness), 

A person's goal is to make an earthquake survival kit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Have a watch on news.
Entities and attributes: tv | news channel | radio (tv | power,electric conductivity), 
Step: Now comes the most important part.
Entities and attributes: your kit (weight), 
Step: Don't forget these items with your essentials:
Entities and attributes: the phone (location), your kit (weight), 
Step: Have emergency numbers.
Entities and attributes: emergency numbers (numbers), notebook | pen (location), 

A person's goal is to make a tussie mussie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select your favourite herbs and flowers.
Entities and attributes: flowers | flower (location,size,health), your herbs | your flowers (location), herb (location), person (location), 
Step: Place the flower or flowers in the centre of the arrangement.
Entities and attributes: flowers | flower (location), the arrangement (color,weight), the flowers (location), hands (orientation), 
Step: Use a rubber band to tie everything together at the top of the stems.
Entities and attributes: the arrangement (weight), rubber band (location,elasticity,cleanness), the stems (width,shape), 
Step: Tie a ribbon bow around the stem.
Entities and attributes: ribbon | the bow (location,shape,organization), the arrangement (color,weight), 

A person's goal is to make a caramel sundae.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set your water to a boil in a large saucepan.
Entities and attributes: water | sugar/cream/water (location,movement,size,temperature | density), bowl (temperature), saucepan (container | volume,wetness), stove | pan (temperature,power), stove flame (location), stovetop (temperature), 
Step: Then trow the water away and place it to the large saucepan and add the sugar and cream.
Entities and attributes: cream and sugar | sugar | cream (odor | color,temperature,location,consistency,color), water | sugar/cream/water (location,composition), cream (location,texture), saucepan (weight), 
Step: Then place your softened ice cream and place it to the pastry bag with your star tip then swirl it to a serving cup.
Entities and attributes: serving dish (cleanness,fullness,temperature), piping tip (cleanness), pastry bag | serving cup (container,weight), ice cream (location,temperature,shape,hardness,density), saucepan (container | volume), caramel (location,temperature), cup (temperature,volume,moisture), stove | pan (power), 
Step: Serve and enjoy!
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight), spoons (cleanness), ice cream (location,toppings,temperature,density), saucepan (weight), caramel (location,temperature), sundae bowl (volume), 

A person's goal is to use teabags as fire starters when camping.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use the teabags for making tea.
Entities and attributes: tea bags | tea | teabag | teabags | tea bag | tea cup (temperature,location,wetness,step | wetness,strength), tea leaves (size), water (location,color), 
Step: Squeeze the excess liquid out of the teabags after they have cooled down.
Entities and attributes: tea bags | tea | teabag | teabags | tea bag | tea cup (temperature,moisture,wetness), liquid (location), 
Step: Lay the teabags next to the campfire.
Entities and attributes: tea bags | tea | teabag | teabags | tea bag | tea cup (location,temperature,moisture), 
Step: In the morning, take the teabags and throw them into the coals to help start a new fire.
Entities and attributes: tea bags | tea | teabag | teabags | tea bag | tea cup (location,temperature,composition | burning), 

A person's goal is to successfully counter any kick in tae kwon do.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make good kick combinations that complement your momentum.
Entities and attributes: kick combinations (technique), momentum (coordination), fighter (speed), person (flexibility), 
Step: Attack your opponent furiously for a short time then retreat backward, then repeat.
Entities and attributes: fighter (speed,location), person (orientation), athlete (direction), fighting style (style), 
Step: Use fake kick combos.
Entities and attributes: fighter (orientation), kicking (technique), feet (position), 
Step: Counter attacking a counter is usually a lot easier than countering an attack.
Entities and attributes: counterattacking (technique), fighter (motion), person (orientation), 

A person's goal is to set up your surf kite.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take your kite out of the bag, unwrap it and lay it out flat on the ground.
Entities and attributes: kite-surfing technique | kite surfing locations (familiarity | knowledge), kit | kite (location,pressure | shape,availability), place to buy kite (knowledge), air pump (location), tape on package (organization), wrapping paper (location), bag (volume,openness), 
Step: Unroll your lines from your bar downwind and lay them on the ground.
Entities and attributes: lines (organization | shape,distance,location,orientation), ground (organization), 
Step: Now you are ready to attach your harness.
Entities and attributes: lines (location), hand bar (boom) (location), harness clasp (openness), harness (location | orientation), 
Step: Launch.
Entities and attributes: kit | kite (pressure | shape,location), lines (location), person (location), hands (location), wind (strength), 

A person's goal is to do a double back on trampoline.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure you can do a really good back tuck on the trampoline.
Entities and attributes: trampoline (efficacy), you (knowledge,location,confidence), person (location), 
Step: Try doing a backdrop pull-over on the trampoline.
Entities and attributes: trampoline (motion), you (location,position), 
Step: Combine both of the skills.
Entities and attributes: trampoline (motion), you (movement | speed,knowledge,location,mental state), skills (complexity), 
Step: Try pulling your legs over faster.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge,movement | speed), legs (position,location,speed), 

A person's goal is to perform a forward slip in a cessna 152 to descend rapidly.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: When executing a forward slip to lose altitude, power to idle, and slow the plane to 80 knots before starting the slip.
Entities and attributes: plane (altitude,speed,sound,elevation), engine (power,volume,activity), momentum | speed (motion | speed), 
Step: Pick a point far in front of you and make it your heading or target.
Entities and attributes: plane (orientation | balance,direction | movement), point (orientation), 
Step: Bank into the wind.
Entities and attributes: plane (direction | movement,depth | trajectory), one plane wing (height), 
Step: To recover from the slip, simultaneously release the rudder pedal and level the plane with the ailerons.
Entities and attributes: rubber pedal | rudder pedal (orientation), ailerons (resistance), plane (speed,elevation,sound pitch,orientation | balance), engine (power), 

A person's goal is to change a quick release skewer.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Push open the quick release lever.
Entities and attributes: lever | release lever (openness | orientation), finger (location), hand (activity), 
Step: Pull the skewer straight out by pulling on the quick release lever.
Entities and attributes: skewer (location,location | placement,organization), 
Step: Lube the shaft and threads of the skewer with bearing grease.
Entities and attributes: bearing grease (skewer), shaft and threads | threads (lubrication | wetness), skewer (texture), shafts (wetness), grease (location), hands (cleanness), 
Step: Insert the skewer into the wheel with the quick release lever facing in the proper direction, which is usually the left side of the bicycle.
Entities and attributes: lever | release lever (position), skewer (location | placement), wheel apparatus (completion), 

A person's goal is to mix bondo.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a thick piece of cardboard about 6 by 6 inches (15.24 cm by 15.24 cm).
Entities and attributes: carboard | cardboard (size | wholeness,composition), scissors (usage), 
Step: Open the can and mix the Bondo with a stir stick if there is a layer of liquid on top.
Entities and attributes: bondo (composition,organization,consistency), stick | spreader (location,cleanness,moisture), layers (organization), liquid (location), stir stick (stickiness), lid (location), can | container (openness,openness), 
Step: Add 1 line of hardener--also known as a catalyst or fixing agent--by squeezing it out of the tube across the top of the Bondo filler.
Entities and attributes: bondo (hardness,moisture,catalyzation), hardener | catalyst (location,moisture), tube (weight,volume,shape), tuber (location), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Use an ice cream novelty stick or a plastic spreader to quickly mix the two substances together.
Entities and attributes: stick | spreader (texture | stickiness,cleanness,moisture), substances (composition | consistency,location), ingredients (organization), mixture (hardness), 

A person's goal is to use a trucking load board.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find an online load board.
Entities and attributes: search engine (openness), search bar (volume), load board (knowledge), browser (power), brain (knowledge), computer | screen (electric conductivity,power), board (step), 
Step: Sign up for the load board.
Entities and attributes: customers information (volume), bank account (volume), credit card (location), password (availability), account (availability), board (step), 
Step: Post your truck to the load board.
Entities and attributes: website information page (volume), customers (volume), truck (placement), 
Step: Search for loads.
Entities and attributes: loads (step), 

A person's goal is to keep car windows fog free using a potato.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a raw potato in half.
Entities and attributes: window | potato (location | placement,shape,number), potato (composition | wholeness), knife (cleanness,wetness), hands (cleanness), 
Step: Rub the cut side of one half potato on the window.
Entities and attributes: window | potato (location | placement,wetness | dampness,cleanness | clarity), potato (cleanness), 
Step: Use the other half of the potato if needed.
Entities and attributes: window | potato (cleanness | clarity,knowledge of it was unknown if other half,location of other half), 
Step: Leave to dry without touching.
Entities and attributes: potato starch (dryness), window | potato (moisture,wetness | dampness,location | placement), hands (location), 

A person's goal is to remove a steering wheel from a tractor.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the items needed.
Entities and attributes: items needed | items (items | location), tools (location), 
Step: Slacken the centre nut first by backing it off by a few turns but leaving it in place.
Entities and attributes: centre nut | nut (centre nut | tightness,tightness,orientation,position), 
Step: Insert the ratchet as shown in the image.
Entities and attributes: rachet | ratchet (rachet placement | usage,location,orientation), 
Step: Remove the wheel.
Entities and attributes: wheel (location,wheel,orientation), 

A person's goal is to check your tyre, 20p test.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure your car is on level ground with the hand brake on.
Entities and attributes: hand brake (engagement,position,location), car (location,movement), tires (pressure), 
Step: Get out a 20p.
Entities and attributes: pocket (fullness), 20p (location), 
Step: Place the 20p flat in one of the grooves of the tread.
Entities and attributes: grooves (composition,fullness), 20p (location,orientation), 
Step: Have an idea what the tyre should look,like.
Entities and attributes: person (experience), 

A person's goal is to grow coral pea.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Choose a suitable location.
Entities and attributes: location (knowledge | location), climber (location), trellis (location), seeds | soil (location,moisture), water (location), 
Step: All coral peas require good draining soil.
Entities and attributes: seeds | soil (moisture), hoe (location), 
Step: If you're going to grow the coral pea as a climber, it will need support.
Entities and attributes: trellis (location), coral peas (support), 
Step: ######Water well while establishing.
Entities and attributes: seeds | soil (moisture), water (location), peas (wetness), 

A person's goal is to play catch and pull tug of war.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Draw a line down the middle of the playing space.
Entities and attributes: space | playing space (space,organization), chalk (shape,location), soil surface (composition), ground (appearance), 
Step: Divide the players into two parties and stand one party on either side of the line.
Entities and attributes: group of people (organization), players (players/teams,composition,knowledge), people (attitude), teams (organization), 
Step: The game starts on a signal and consists of catching hold of an opponent by any part of his body (hand, foot, arm or leg) and pulling the player across the boundary line.
Entities and attributes: chalk line on ground (form), team members (orientation,power,location), arms (form), clothing (form), 
Step: Select the winning team.
Entities and attributes: teams (organization), winner (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to get the urine smell out of your bed.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Using a wet cloth, clean up the urine spot and make sure the area is thoroughly damp without being wet.
Entities and attributes: urine | baking soda (location,composition | concentration), cloth (moisture | cleanness,location,smell), urine spot (urine spot), stain (moisture,wetness), 
Step: Sprinkle a thick layer of baking soda over the location.
Entities and attributes: location (location), urine | baking soda (location,shape | wetness,moisture,odor), bed | mattress (cleanness,texture), stain (location), box (fullness), 
Step: Allow it to sit for a while.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Once dry, vacuum it off of the bed.
Entities and attributes: urine | baking soda (shape | wetness,location,baking soda), bed | mattress (cleanness,moisture), vacuum (fullness,volume,usage), stain (visibility,wetness), 

A person's goal is to find leather in the blockheads.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look for what looks like a hide.
Entities and attributes: hide (location), 
Step: Look for the leather bobbing beneath (pine) trees where dropbears have resided.
Entities and attributes: leather (knowledge), 
Step: Look for leather wherever donkeys roam (they spawn wherever carrots grow).
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Collect by tapping on the leather.
Entities and attributes: leather (availability), 

A person's goal is to make lunch box oatmeal cookies.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Turn on oven to 375 °F (191 °C).
Entities and attributes: oven heating element | oven | oven interior | oven knob (temperature | electric conductivity,temperature,orientation | power), knob (position), dial (position), kitchen (smell,temperature), 
Step: Add the egg whites and vanilla.
Entities and attributes: vanilla (location), spoon | mixing spoon (cleanness), egg whiites (composition), egg whites (location), bowl (cleanness,weight,fullness,moisture), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Drop dough by rounded teaspoons 2 inches (5.1 cm) apart on ungreased cookie sheet.
Entities and attributes: teaspoon (cleanness), cookie sheet | cookie dough (fullness | volume,cleanness), dough (location | size,organization), bowl (volume), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: cookies (composition), cookie sheet | cookie dough (temperature), 

A person's goal is to remove stains from vitreous china.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Obtain a pumice stone.
Entities and attributes: the pumice stone (location), pumice stone (ownership | location), the person (possession), 
Step: Place it in a shallow bowl of water for a minute to allow it soak up the water.
Entities and attributes: water (location), stone (moisture | wetness,weight,location), the pumice stone (location,wetness,density), bowl (weight,volume,moisture), the water (density), the bowl (composition), 
Step: Rub the wet stone across the stain or around a circular stain.
Entities and attributes: stone (location,movement), the pumice stone (location), stain (visibility,wetness | moisture), the stain (depth), the sink (cleanness), hand (fullness), 
Step: Wipe off any grit.
Entities and attributes: stain (wetness | moisture,cleanness), the sink (cleanness), towel (cleanness | wetness), grit (location), 

A person's goal is to be cool in an online game.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Name your character something cool.
Entities and attributes: character | person (identity), penguin (naming), name (familiarity,complexity), 
Step: Make your character look awesome.
Entities and attributes: character | person (look | looks,size,cleanness,decoration), costume (color), 
Step: Be interesting and informative in chat.
Entities and attributes: character | person (knowledge,sound pitch), player (disposition), 
Step: Be nice.
Entities and attributes: character | person (disposition | familiarity,availability), you (behavior), 

A person's goal is to make panch phora.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather all the 5 ingredients.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | cooking pan (location | position,organization | composition), ingredient containers (orientation), countertop (fulness), cupboards (fulness), counter (fullness), 
Step: Combine all of them in a bowl and mix well.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | cooking pan (organization | composition,location | position), measuring spoon (fullness), bowl | spoon (cleanness,fulness | volume | fullness,location), mixing spoon (cleanness), spices (composition), 
Step: Store in an airtight container.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | cooking pan (location | position), bowl | spoon (fulness | volume | fullness), lid for airtight container (location), container (fulness | fullness,openness), lid (location), airtight container (cleanness,fullness), mixture (location), seeds (sealing), 
Step: Use.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | cooking pan (temperature,location | position,temperature), container of ingredients (fulness), airtight container (fullness,openness), pan (fullness), mixture (step), stomach (fullness), seeds (moisture,temperature), food (taste), 

A person's goal is to use a coat hanger for storing reading material.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select a sturdy and good quality coat hanger.
Entities and attributes: coat hanger (location,ownership), 
Step: Choose a hanging spot.
Entities and attributes: coat hanger (location), closet (organization), 
Step: Place the reading material on the coat hanger.
Entities and attributes: reading material (reading material,location), magazine pages (composition), magazine (location), coat hanger (availability,weight,orientation,usage), 
Step: Hang in place.
Entities and attributes: hanger (hanger placement), magazine (orientation), coat hanger (location,orientation), 

A person's goal is to draw the wwe logo.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Draw the big W############
Entities and attributes: letter w (location), black marker (cleanness), page (color), hand (volume,activity), 
Step: Draw the small W############
Entities and attributes: page (color,fullness), hand (flexibility), 
Step: Underline it with a red marker############
Entities and attributes: letter w (location), ink (location), red marker (activity), page (color,fullness), hand (volume), 
Step: There's the WWE logo.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a faucet shine like new.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wipe Wipe away any loose dirt, toothpaste, food particles, etc, with a rag or wet paper towel.
Entities and attributes: rag | paper towel (dryness | moisture,location,cleanness | cleanliness,availability), faucet (wetness | cleanness | cleanliness,reflectivity), loose dirt (location), toothpaste (location), food particles (location), dirt (location), sink (availability), 
Step: Scrub Scrub off any stuck on gook with a cleaning toothbrush, sponge, or rag.
Entities and attributes: sponge (cleanness | dryness,location), rag | paper towel (cleanness | cleanliness), faucet (wetness | cleanness | cleanliness,reflectivity), stuck on gook | gook (location), toothbrush (cleanliness | cleanness), cleaning rag (availability), brush (location), 
Step: Wipe off all the grime you just scrubbed off.
Entities and attributes: rag | paper towel (cleanliness | wetness), faucet (wetness | cleanness | cleanliness), grime (location), 
Step: Polish Wet the faucet with a quick splash of water, then take a dry paper towel and wipe until dry and spotless.
Entities and attributes: rag | paper towel (location,dryness | moisture,cleanliness | wetness,dryness,availability), faucet (wetness | cleanness | cleanliness,light reflectivity), chrome (cleanness), water (location), 

A person's goal is to draw a do job man.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In your best handwriting, write the letters "d" and "o."
Entities and attributes: letter d | letter o | letter j | letter b (location), ink (location), the color (appearance), the paper | paper (empitness | writing,cleanness,location,moisture,color), pen (location,step), hand (activity), 
Step: Draw in your "J."
Entities and attributes: letter d | letter o | letter j | letter b (location), ink (location), the number of words (quantity), the letters (size), the word (meaning), the paper | paper (empitness | writing,moisture,color), 
Step: Finish with the "ob," in lowercase, spaced just as evenly and the "do" was.
Entities and attributes: letter d | letter o | letter j | letter b (location), ink (location), the small letters (orientation), the letter 'o' (quantity), the letters (organization), the paper | paper (empitness | writing,color), 
Step: Flesh out your do-Job man.
Entities and attributes: ink (location), the markings (meaning), the jottings (meaning), image (completion), the paper | paper (color), shape on paper (shape), 

A person's goal is to heat a teapot.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill the teapot with very hot water.
Entities and attributes: water | tea (location), teapot (moisture,volume | fullness,weight,temperature), kettle (volume), 
Step: Swirl the water around the teapot to ensure that all surfaces have been warmed.
Entities and attributes: water | tea (location,stability | movement | speed), teapot (moisture,volume | fullness,temperature), surfaces (temperature,moisture), 
Step: Pour it out just before you intend pouring in the tea.
Entities and attributes: water | tea (location), teapot (volume | fullness,weight,temperature), sink (moisture,temperature), kettle (volume,weight), 
Step: Relax and enjoy your tea.
Entities and attributes: water | tea (location), cup (moisture,volume), 

A person's goal is to grow rock lily.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a suitable location.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Plant in a container pot.
Entities and attributes: seeds | roots (location,cleanness), soil (composition), pot (weight,volume,cleanness), lily (location), dirt (location), 
Step: Water frequently during hot weather.
Entities and attributes: seeds | roots (moisture), water (location), soil (moisture | dryness,temperature), plant (hydration), 
Step: Nourish using liquid fertiliser every month during the warm months.
Entities and attributes: fertilizer | liquid fertilizer (location), soil (moisture | dryness,strength), liquid (location), plant (hydration), 

A person's goal is to store fusible webbing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase a large postal/poster tube.
Entities and attributes: tube | poster tube (location), cash register (fullness), money (location), person (location), 
Step: Roll the fusible webbing to slightly smaller size than the mouth of the postal/poster tube.
Entities and attributes: the poster tube (size), webbing | fusible webbing (position | orientation,location,density), the webbing (size), fusible webbing (shape), closet (fullness), hands (cleanness,fullness), 
Step: Pop the fusible webbing into the tube.
Entities and attributes: webbing | fusible webbing (location,visibility,density), webbing roll (wrapping), tube | poster tube (weight,fullness), lid (location), tuble (volume), hands (fullness), 
Step: Label the tube and put away with your other sewing supplies.
Entities and attributes: webbing | fusible webbing (location), tube | poster tube (location,knowledge,color), sewing supplies area (fullness), lid (location), label sticker (location,color), hands (fullness), 

A person's goal is to make a watermelon slice cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill the hurricane glass with ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: glass (weight,container,fullness | volume,temperature), ice cubes | ice (location | container,temperature), water (wetness), 
Step: Measure and pour the liquor into the hurricane glass in this order:
Entities and attributes: liquor (location | container,temperature,measurement), glass (fullness | volume,weight,wetness,color), measuring cup (cleanness), bottle (fullness), 
Step: Cut a wedge in the orange slice and slide it on the side of the glass as a garnish.
Entities and attributes: orange slice (location | container,wetness), orange (size | shape,wholeness), glass (decoration), orange wedge (location), knife (wetness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: cocktail (availability), glass (container), 

A person's goal is to set color in silk.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Dissolve a packet of Epsom salts into a tub of cold water.
Entities and attributes: epsom salt | epsom salts (moisture,temperature), item | water (clarity,complexity), packet (volume), tub (wetness,ingredients,weight,volume), container (fullness,openness), 
Step: Rinse the silk item in the Epsom salts and water mixture.
Entities and attributes: epsom salt | epsom salts (location), silk item | silk (dryness | moisture), item | water (location), wate (location), 
Step: Wash the item separately in warm water for its first wash.
Entities and attributes: silk item | silk (temperature), item | water (temperature,cleanness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: item | water (cleanness,freshness), dye (step), 

A person's goal is to make a bamboo staff.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find yourself a sturdy piece of bamboo.
Entities and attributes: bamboo | bamboo edges (location), person hands (amount), 
Step: Once you have your bamboo, sand or cut off any twigs or bumps.
Entities and attributes: bamboo | bamboo edges (texture), twig | twigs (location), bumpa (texture), knife (cleanness,sharpness), bumps (location), sandpaper (newness), ground (cleanliness), 
Step: Try walking around with the piece of bamboo.
Entities and attributes: bamboo | bamboo edges (location), bamboo tip (location), bottom end of bamboo (cleanness), person (movement), 
Step: Decorate.
Entities and attributes: bamboo | bamboo edges (appearance | cosmetic s | organization | decoration,color), adornments (location), table (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make pretzel delights.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Spread peanut butter all over one side of a pretzel.
Entities and attributes: peanut butter | pretzel (location | toppings,taste), pretezel (texture), knife (cleanliness | cleanness,texture), 
Step: Hold the peanut butter-covered pretzel in one hand by its sides, and stick your choice of a very small food item (raisins, chocolate chips, etc.
Entities and attributes: peanut butter | pretzel (location | toppings,sweetness,decoration), chocolate chips (location,dampness), raisins (location), food items (location), 
Step: Repeat spreading peanut butter and adding raisins, etc.
Entities and attributes: peanut butter | pretzel (location | toppings), chocolate chips (location), food items (location), 
Step: Place the pretzels, decoratively, on a plate for a party or for other guests to enjoy eating.
Entities and attributes: pretzels (location,organization,appearance), plate (cleanliness | cleanness,coverage | volume), 

A person's goal is to conceal a nail head in wood.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Chisel a small shaving that is parallel to the grain of the wood.
Entities and attributes: chisel (location,step), wood (shape | wholeness), nail (visibility), sliver (shape), hand (volume), 
Step: Make sure to leave one end of the shaving still attached to the surface of the wood.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Put the nail in.
Entities and attributes: wood (connection), nail (location,organization), 
Step: Fix the attached shaving back in place with a wood suitable adhesive.
Entities and attributes: shaving (organization,composition | position), wood (stickiness), adhesive (location,hardness), glue (location), nail (visibility), 

A person's goal is to be good at fossil fighters.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean your fossils thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: your fossils | fossils (cleanness), 
Step: Earn lots of money.
Entities and attributes: you (possesion), player (wealth), bank account (fullness), 
Step: The better your vivosaurs are, the better chance you will win a fossil rock.
Entities and attributes: you (awareness), 
Step: Become a master fighter.
Entities and attributes: you (ability), player (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make healthy graham cracker peanut butter snack.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather all ingredients listed above.
Entities and attributes: graham cracker | cracker (location), candies (location), peanut butter (location | peanut butter), ingredients (ingredients needed | organization,location), plate (location), 
Step: Break or slice the Graham cracker in half.
Entities and attributes: graham cracker | cracker (graham cracker | size,wholeness), 
Step: Spread the peanut butter on the Graham cracker with a plastic knife.
Entities and attributes: graham cracker | cracker (wholeness), peanut butter container (weight), knife | plastic knife (cleanness,texture), peanut butter (location | peanut butter), 
Step: Carefully drop or place some mini chocolate chips on the Graham cracker.
Entities and attributes: graham cracker | cracker (wholeness), candies (location), chocolate chips (chocolate chips | location), 

A person's goal is to remove a cola stain.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Locate the stained item and lay it out in readiness.
Entities and attributes: stained item | item (shape,location), shirt | garment (orientation), stain | cloth (position), 
Step: Dab or spray undiluted white vinegar to the area of the cola stain.
Entities and attributes: cola (location), vinegar (form | location,orientation), rag (dryness), stain | cloth (wetness | moisture,organization), 
Step: Leave the item to sit for 24 hours.
Entities and attributes: stained item | item (wetness), calendar date (date), stain | cloth (wetness | moisture), 
Step: Wash the garment as usual.
Entities and attributes: laundry detergent (location), cola (location), vinegar (form | location), shirt | garment (dampness | composition,location,moisture), garment (cleanness), water (location), detergent (location), washer (power), 

A person's goal is to separate postage stamps.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lay a thin piece of paper or a clean handkerchief over the stamps.
Entities and attributes: stamp | stamps (visibility | form | covering,location), handkerchief (location), paper (location), 
Step: Set the iron to hot.
Entities and attributes: stamp | stamps (temperature), iron (temperature,usage,usability), cloth (temperature), 
Step: Remove the paper and carefully tease apart the stamps using stamp tweezers.
Entities and attributes: stamp | stamps (location,orientation,flexibility,position,placement), tweezers (location,position), paper (location), 
Step: Add the separated stamps to your collection.
Entities and attributes: stamp | stamps (location), collection (completion), 

A person's goal is to make citrus beer punch.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose a beer for your citrus beer punch.
Entities and attributes: beer (location,ownership,orientation), 
Step: Make a lemon simple syrup for the beer punch.
Entities and attributes: syrup (viscosity), burner (thermal conductivity), lemon juice | lemon (location,shape | wholeness), sugar (moisture,location), water (temperature,location,composition,taste), pot | pan (volume,temperature,wetness), mixture (thickness,amount), 
Step: Add the simple syrup and some fresh citrus juice to a punch bowl.
Entities and attributes: simple syrup and citrus juice (composition), citrus juice | juice (location), syrup (temperature), bowl | punch bowl (weight,cleanness,volume | fullness,wetness | moisture), punch bowl (volume), simple syrup (location), jar | can (fullness), ingredients (organization,consistency), 
Step: Add the beer to the punch bowl just before serving.
Entities and attributes: beer (location,composition), bottle (volume | weight), bowl | punch bowl (volume | fullness), jar | can (fullness,weight), ingredients (organization), 

A person's goal is to wear rubber gloves in hot weather.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase a pair of cotton gloves.
Entities and attributes: cotton gloves (ownership | location | orientation,availability), money for cotton gloves (cost), glove size (knowledge), gloves fit (knowledge), weather (temperature), gloves (possession), money (location), hands (wetness), 
Step: Slip the cotton gloves on first, before wearing the rubber gloves.
Entities and attributes: cotton gloves (ownership | location | orientation,connectedness), gloves (location,mass), hands (clothing,temperature,coverage), 
Step: Place the rubber gloves over the top.
Entities and attributes: rubber gloves (location | orientation,thickness,temperature,filling | mass), 
Step: Continue with the work.
Entities and attributes: inner gloves (texture), gloves (stability), work (activity), hands (clothing,temperature), 

A person's goal is to make an edible fruit loops necklace.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Measure the elastic around your child's neck.
Entities and attributes: elastic (placement,knowledge,location), child's neck (neck measurement), measurement (knowledge), neck (organization), 
Step: Have your child sit comfortably at the table following a good hand wash.
Entities and attributes: child's hands (cleanness), child (placement | position,child), water (location), chair (availability), soap (location), hands (cleanness,wetness), 
Step: Have your child continue threading the necklace until it is full of fruit loops.
Entities and attributes: threading (threading), necklace (placement | location), child (activity), necklace thread (organization), fruit loops (location,organization), 
Step: Wear it.
Entities and attributes: necklace (placement | location), elastic (knowledge), child's neck (decoration), necklacce (shape), 

A person's goal is to make vanilla ice cream using snow.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find some clean snow.
Entities and attributes: snow (location | temperature,width), grass (wetness,temperature), hand (temperature), 
Step: Put the clean snow in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: snow (location | temperature), bowl (temperature,wetness,container,fullness), hand (temperature), 
Step: Add some milk or eggnog.
Entities and attributes: snow (organization), eggnog (location), milk (location), bowl (fullness,container), 
Step: Enjoy it!
Entities and attributes: snow (location | temperature), spoon (cleanness), ice cream (location), stomach (fullness), bowl (fullness), mouth (temperature), 

A person's goal is to paint your basement floor.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure conditions are right before starting the project.
Entities and attributes: humidity (moisture,amount), 
Step: Clean your basement floor thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: basement (organization), basement floor (cleanness), debris (location), floor (texture | cleanness,granularity,organization,dryness), dust (location), vacuum (weight), dirt (loc), 
Step: Protect baseboards and fixtures with masking tape.
Entities and attributes: baseboards (covering | visibility,volu), tape (location,length,wholeness), 
Step: Choose the paint for the project.
Entities and attributes: paint (location | ownership), 

A person's goal is to make a simple children&#x27;s party punch.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, mix together the orange juice and the pineapple juice in a large glass bowl.
Entities and attributes: juices | the pineapple and orange juice | juice | juice mixture (composition | states,location,placement,organization), glass bowl | bowl | the bowl (weight,container | volume,fullness | volume,moisture,opacity), cartons (weight), 
Step: Carefully pour the ginger ale into the juice.
Entities and attributes: juices | the pineapple and orange juice | juice | juice mixture (form), ginger ale | the ginger ale (location | placement,composition), juice mixture (strength), glass bowl | bowl | the bowl (weight,fullness | volume), bottle (weight), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Place the bowl in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: juices | the pineapple and orange juice | juice | juice mixture (temperature), glass bowl | bowl | the bowl (location,placement,temperature), fridge (volume), 
Step: Add several scoops of rainbow sherbet to the bowl of punch, or add some to each individual cup.
Entities and attributes: juices | the pineapple and orange juice | juice | juice mixture (complexity,opacity), scoops of sherbet (placement), sherbet (location,composition), glass bowl | bowl | the bowl (temperature), scoop (cleanness,moisture,temperature), cup (temperature,fullness), ingredients (organization), 

A person's goal is to make a jade vine bloom.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plant the jade vines on an east wall with an eight-foot trellis.
Entities and attributes: vines (location), jade plant | jade plants (location,support), trellis (orientation), space by east wall (plants,space), jade vines (location), 
Step: Prune in the daytime.
Entities and attributes: vines (shape), jade plant | jade plants (step | shape,size), pruning shears (usage), plants (pruning), 
Step: Apply coffee grounds all year.
Entities and attributes: garden soil (composition), coffee grounds (location), soil (step), dirt (fertilizing), plants (fertilizing,treatment), 
Step: Remove caterpillars.
Entities and attributes: vines (pressure), caterpillars (location,removal,death), plants (pests,cleanness), 

A person's goal is to play a sega genesis.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plug in the cords in the right places.
Entities and attributes: cords | cord | the cords (location,power | location | shape,length), cord (power), sega genesis (electric conductivity), screen (brightness), 
Step: Insert a game cartridge into the top loading slot.
Entities and attributes: cartridge (material,location), game cartridge (location), unit power (power), the cartridge (location), the slot (density), the game (activity), 
Step: Hook up a Controller.
Entities and attributes: controller (location,organization), controller wire (shape), power (power), the controller (availability), the console (location), wire (power), 
Step: Turn the system on using the knob on the bottom left side that says on off.
Entities and attributes: system (location,power), cords | cord | the cords (power | location | shape), sega genesis (electric conductivity), the console (electric conductivity), the knob (location), 

A person's goal is to cook a wild turkey.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pluck the feathers, and skin the bird.
Entities and attributes: turkey | turkey meat (composition | wetness | taste,condition), bird (skinless,composition,coverage), feathers (location), skin (location), 
Step: Slice off the outer layer of muscle on the turkey breast prior to cooking it.
Entities and attributes: turkey | turkey meat (composition | wholeness), muscle (location,composition), turkey breast (location), knife (location), 
Step: Bake the turkey the same way you would a store-bought turkey of its size, but baste it more frequently.
Entities and attributes: turkey | turkey meat (composition | wetness | taste,temperature,location,flavor), oven (power,mass), 
Step: Deep fry the turkey in a special outdoor deep fryer.
Entities and attributes: turkey | turkey meat (composition | wetness | taste,temperature,location,color,texture), turhey was unfried (cooking), 

A person's goal is to tidy new zealand flax plants.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut back any flower spikes.
Entities and attributes: flower spikes (length,location), pruners (orientation,cleanness), the flower spikes (shape), plant (texture), 
Step: Remove any dead, browned, or damaged foliage as close to the base of the plant as possible.
Entities and attributes: dead foliage | the dead, browned, or damaged foliage (location), foliage (location), base of the plant (clearness), 
Step: Remove all the cut pieces and compost or put out with garden waste.
Entities and attributes: cut plant pieces (location), compost bin (fullness), waste bin (weight), cut pieces (composition), the pieces (location), 
Step: Feed the plant with a nitrogen-rich fertilizer.
Entities and attributes: fertilizer (location), soil under the plant (composition), nitrogen (location), hands (cleanness), the plant (nourishment), ground (thickness), 

A person's goal is to make basil dressing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put the first three ingredients in a blender and mix until smoothly blended.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,weight), the blender (weight,capacity), ingredients (location,composition,size), 
Step: Add the extra virgin olive oil.
Entities and attributes: olive oil container (weight,fullness), blender (weight,fullness), the blender (weight,volume), the bottle (weight,volume,location), olive oil (location), oil (location,composition | shape), 
Step: Drizzle over hot, perhaps a grilled chicken or over anything that takes your fancy.
Entities and attributes: the dressing (temperature), the chicken (taste,temperature), the plate (weight), spoon (cleanness), oil (composition | shape), chicken (dressing), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: task (completion), 

A person's goal is to protect chrysanthemums from wind.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a length of garden netting that will go along the length of your chrysanthemum plants.
Entities and attributes: netting (size), the net (length,weight,composition), net (composition), 
Step: Tie string onto each of the four corners of the garden netting.
Entities and attributes: the net (weight), string | the string (location,shape | organization), the string (location), the netting (weight,size), 
Step: Tie each end of the string to a fence or supportive structure next to the chrysanthemums.
Entities and attributes: the fence or supportive structure (weight), netting (organization), string | the string (shape | organization), 
Step: Let the chrysanthemums fall back onto the netting.
Entities and attributes: the chrysanthemums (support,location), the netting (weight), 

A person's goal is to play call of duty 5 on veteran difficulty.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start off with the first level.
Entities and attributes: play station (electric conductivity), player (knowledge), 
Step: Always use cover.
Entities and attributes: head (position), you (position | location,knowledge), 
Step: Never, I repeat, NEVER go into an open battlefield with a half empty clip.
Entities and attributes: clip (volume), 
Step: Stay by teammates.
Entities and attributes: you (position | location), 

A person's goal is to make imli ki chutney (tamarind chutney).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a pan add the tamarind pulp, the sugar/jaggery, and all other ingredients.
Entities and attributes: tamarind (location), spices (wetness), sugar (location), pan | stove (cleanness,weight,moisture,volume), 
Step: Boil till the paste thickens to a ketchup like consistency.
Entities and attributes: paste | paster (consistency | thickness,temperature,thi]), ingredients (thickness), pan | stove (temperature,electric conductivity), mixture (temperature), 
Step: Pour into another bowl and allow it cool.
Entities and attributes: paste | paster (location,temperature), bowl (cleanness,temperature,volume), pan | stove (temperature,volume), mixture (temperature), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to clean bath drip stains.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Warm up a bowl of vinegar.
Entities and attributes: vinegar (location,temperature), vinegar container (location), microwave light (brightness), bowl (cleanness,location,dryness | moisture,temperature,volume), room (sound), microwave (power,electric conductivity), liquid | the bowl (temperature), 
Step: Dip a sponge into the warmed vinegar.
Entities and attributes: vinegar (location), sponge | the sponge (weight | volume,location,cleanness,dryness | moisture,size), bowl (weight,location), hand | hands | fingers | stain | stains (volume), surface (temperature), liquid | the bowl (volume), 
Step: Rub at the stains with the sponge.
Entities and attributes: vinegar (location), sponge | the sponge (cleanness,weight | volume), hand | hands | fingers | stain | stains (pressure,texture | moisture), surfaces | the stains (cleanness,dryness | moisture,brightness), stain (visibility), metal (brightness), user (location), knob (clarity), sink (power), 
Step: Keep rubbing until the stains come off.
Entities and attributes: vinegar (composition), sponge | the sponge (weight | volume,pressure,color), hand | hands | fingers | stain | stains (pressure,movement | motion,texture | moisture), surfaces | the stains (dryness | moisture,brightness), surface (texture), stain (form), metal (texture), sink (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to defeat huff n&#x27; puff in paper mario.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use the "Happy Heart" badge to up your HP to 50 - 55.
Entities and attributes: your hit points (count), player (knowledge), hp (strength), boss (strength), character (strength), 
Step: When you enter the battle use your Star Power.
Entities and attributes: star power (availability), power (power), 
Step: "Chill Out" 1 - 3 times.
Entities and attributes: fighting ability (power), you (selection), character (stability), 
Step: Use Lakilester's "Spiny Surge.
Entities and attributes: chance of winning (power), special skills (skill), strength (strength), you (selection), 

A person's goal is to make a honey glazed salad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cover with the lid and let the steam soften the carrots just a little.
Entities and attributes: carrots (texture | hardness,temperature,moisture,cookedness), steam (location), lid (location), the cooking vessel (coverage,weight), pot (coverage | container), 
Step: Quickly blanch the green beans:
Entities and attributes: green beans (temperature,location | texture,moisture), the beans (moisture), pot (temperature), 
Step: Now here's the easy part - putting it together.
Entities and attributes: vegetables | the vegetable (composition | location), bowl (weight,fullness), ingredients (location), 
Step: Here's your easy healthy salad recipe!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to remove rubber cement from carpet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Sponge the area using a little portion of dry-cleaning solvent.
Entities and attributes: sponge (cleanness,moisture), carpet | solvent (location | moisture), the area | area (wetness | dampness), cement (texture,odor), stain (coverage), 
Step: Make a mixture of one tablespoon of a mild, gentle detergent with 236 milliliters (8  fl oz) of warm water.
Entities and attributes: detergent dispenser (weight | fullness), bucket | detergent and water container (moisture | wetness,weight,weight,fullness,fullness), mixture (composition), water (composition), detergent and water | detergent and warm water (composition), soap container (weight), soap (location), detergent (location,temperature), 
Step: Blot the mixture over the rubber cement stain.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), rubber cement stain (wetness), carpet | solvent (location | moisture), rubber cement (moisture), water mixture (location), stain (softness,color | odor), 
Step: Use clean water as a rinse.
Entities and attributes: water (location), carpet | solvent (cleanness,wetness), stain (status | cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make a square sheet of paper.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take a single sheet of paper.
Entities and attributes: paper | ream of paper (ownership,location,shape), paper stack (height), hand (pressure,orientation), drawer (position), head (position), arm (motion), 
Step: Hold the top right corner of the paper and fold it towards the lower left side.
Entities and attributes: paper | ream of paper (location,age,orientation,shape), sides (thickness), hand (orientation), material (folded), fingers (pressure), hands (volume), 
Step: Cut this section off using paper scissors.
Entities and attributes: paper | ream of paper (location,shape), scissors (location,mobility), section (location), scrap paper (location), material (size), grip (pressure), trash can (volume), 
Step: Unfold.######//<!
Entities and attributes: paper | ream of paper (shape), scissors (location), fingers (shape), hands (location), desk (cleanness), arms (pressure), 

A person's goal is to make a fruit salad cube.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose the fruit combination.
Entities and attributes: fruit (composition | shape,choice), 
Step: Cut the fruit into cubes.
Entities and attributes: fruit (composition | shape), fruit peels (location), knife (cleanness), cutting board | cutting mat (wetness | moisture), 
Step: Do this on the actual serving dish.
Entities and attributes: fruit (location,composition | shape), dish (weight,fullness), serving dish (cleanness), fruit salad cubes (complete), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: fruit (location), 

A person's goal is to cut an overgrown lawn.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove the weeds first.
Entities and attributes: weeds (location), lawn (thickness), garden/lawn (cleanness), hands (cleanness), dirt (composition), 
Step: Cut the grass back in stages.
Entities and attributes: grass blades (composition), lawn mower (power), clippers (cleanness), grass (cleanness,length), 
Step: A lawn that is cut back a lot will benefit from a boost of fertiliser to help it get growing again.
Entities and attributes: fertilizer (location), shovel (cleanness), lawn (composition,fertility), soil (composition,fertilization), 
Step: Try to keep it tended as normal during the remainder of the growing season.
Entities and attributes: lawn (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to get out of maps on halo 3.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make a Mongoose on Valhalla at the edge of the map (the water side).
Entities and attributes: knowledge of what mongoose (m274 ultra-light all-terrain vehicle)  is (location), mongoose (location | motion), wraith | you (creation | material), position in valhalla (location), halo 3 knowledge (knowledge), map location (location), halo 3 (availability), mongoose vehicle (construction), player (location), you (location), 
Step: 2.jpg|right|184px]]Get in and accelerate forward.
Entities and attributes: mongoose (location | motion), ability to drive mongoose (skill), direction of travel (direction), character position (location), mongoose speed (speed), hilly terrain (location), player (position), you (location,motion), 
Step: Make a Wraith about 2 meters (6.6 ft) back, then ram the accelerating Mongoose.
Entities and attributes: knowledge of what wraith (type-26 assault gun carriage) is (knowledge), mongoose (location | motion,speed), wraith | you (stability,creation | material), location of wraith (location), the wraith (location), portal (availability), 
Step: For a split second the Mongoose will go out the map.
Entities and attributes: mongoose (location | motion), halo player skill level (skill), character position (location), character (location), the mongoose (location), player (position), 

A person's goal is to make mint milkshakes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put all ingredients into the blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (fullness | container,moisture,weight,temperature,wetness), mint leaf (location), chocolate (location,moisture), ice cream (location), ingredients (location,organization), 
Step: Blend for 30-45 seconds or until all ingredients are blended together.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,power,volume), chocolate chunks (size), ice cream (texture), ingredients (composition,location,organization), blender blade (speed), timer (time), mixture (thickness), milk (composition), 
Step: Pour the milkshake into a tall glass.
Entities and attributes: blender (fullness | container,weight,temperature), milkshake (location), ingredients (location), glass (temperature,cleanness,moisture | wetness,fullness), 
Step: Serve and enjoy!
Entities and attributes: milkshake (location), mint leaf (moisture), a person's mouth (temperature), straw (cleanness | moisture,temperature), glass (weight,location), a person (emotional state), breath (cleanness), cup (weight), 

A person's goal is to pick up broken glass splinters.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Try the cotton wool method.
Entities and attributes: glass splinters | glass (location), cotton (texture), hand | hands (pressure,stability), cotton wool (location,cleanness), floor (cleanness), wool (cleanness), splinters (location), pieces (clarity), 
Step: Try the soap method.
Entities and attributes: glass splinters | glass (location), hand | hands (texture), shards (location), bar (shape), soap (cleanness,location), splinter (wetness), fingers (temperature), 
Step: Try the wet paper method.
Entities and attributes: paper | water | newspaper (location,wetness | texture), glass splinters | glass (location), wet paper | paper towel (wetness), hand | hands (texture), floor (cleanness), 
Step: Discard properly.
Entities and attributes: paper | water | newspaper (cleanness), glass splinters | glass (location), wet paper | paper towel (location), hand | hands (pressure), trashcan (openness), bag (volume), foot (motion), 

A person's goal is to woohoo in sims 2.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set up a man and a woman couple in a house with a double bed.
Entities and attributes: bed (volume), preference of characters (preference), house (location), sex of characters (gender), age of couple (age), double bed (location), 
Step: Make sure that the two Sims have chemistry between them.
Entities and attributes: sims (friendship,proximity,location,position), daily relationship score | lifetime relationship score (magnitude), knowledge of what woo hoo means (knowledge), woohoo mods (knowledge), characters (location), 
Step: Have both Sims "relax" in the same double bed.
Entities and attributes: sims (activity,position), bed (occupation), ask to join button (step), relax button (step), second sim (location), first sim (location), 
Step: Click on "make out", "cuddle", and other stuff.
Entities and attributes: sims (location,activity), blankets (position), button (step), make out button | cuddle button (step), decision re pregnancy (step), woo hoo button (step), 

A person's goal is to make vegan tofurky.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Preheat the oven to 350 °F (177 °C) and lightly oil a cooking sheet.
Entities and attributes: oil | dill (location), cooking sheet | sheet pan (location,cleanness,moisture), oven | oven knob (power,orientation | power,temperature,viscosity), oven dial (setting), 
Step: In a large bowl, whisk together the oil, garlic, pepper, salt, marjoram, thyme, rosemary, dill and water.
Entities and attributes: oil | dill (location), pepper (location), garlic (shape), whisk (cleanness), bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness | volume,moisture | wetness,volume), salt (moisture), ingredients (composition,moisture), water (clarity), 
Step: Place the slices of tofu onto a cookie sheet and coat them with marinade.
Entities and attributes: tofu (composition | cooked status,location,taste | flavor,coating), marinade (location), cooking sheet | sheet pan (fullness), bowl (weight), cookie sheet (weight), 
Step: Bake the tofu for 1 hour, flipping them once after the first 30 minutes.
Entities and attributes: tofu (composition | cooked status,temperature,sound,orientation), marinade (temperature), cooking sheet | sheet pan (temperature), fork (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to use milk to control powdery mildew.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix one part skim (low-fat) milk with 9 parts of water.
Entities and attributes: water (location), milk and water (composition), milk | skim milk (location), glass | measuring cup (weight,volume,cleanness,moisture), water faucet (power), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Place in a spray bottle.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | bottle (volume,moisture | cleanness,weight,location), mixture (location), 
Step: Spray on plants affected by powdery mildew.
Entities and attributes: mildew (viability,texture), spray bottle | bottle (weight), mixture (location), leaves | plants (moisture | composition), 
Step: Make fresh each week.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a pipe cleaner chair.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Bend two same-colored pipe cleaners into half square shapes.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner length (size), pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners | the piple cleaners (orientation | position | shape,ownership,pairings), pipe cleaners (location), table (location), 
Step: Loop the end of a pipe cleaner above the front leg.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners | the piple cleaners (shape,orientation | position | shape,composition), pipe cleaner ends (shape), structure (structure status), wire (shape), 
Step: Using another pipe cleaner, repeat step 2 on the other side of the chair.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners | the piple cleaners (shape,orientation | position | shape), 
Step: Meet both ends of the back pipe cleaners, twisting them over each other to close the chair back.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners | the piple cleaners (orientation | position | shape), the pipe cleaners (position), pipe cleaners (location), chair back (openness), the chair (weight), 

A person's goal is to make apricot basil dressing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine the apricots, vinegar, and sugar in a blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,weight,volume), apricots (location), vinegar (location), sugar (location,moisture), the apricots, vinegar, and sugar (composition), ingredients (composition), the blender (weight), 
Step: With the blender running, slowly add the oil until the dressing becomes thick and smooth.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,weight,moisture,volume,electric conductivity), dressing | the dressing (consistency,thickness), oil (location,composition), ingredients (size), oil bottle (weight), the blender (weight), the oil (location), 
Step: Stir in the basil.
Entities and attributes: basil | the basil (composition,location,wetness), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: dressing | the dressing (location), the blender (weight), 

A person's goal is to beat salazar in resident evil 4.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Before starting the battle, equip and reload the TMP.
Entities and attributes: inventory (openness), tmp (location,readiness), player (knowledge), 
Step: When the battle begins, use the TMP and fire repeatedly at the eye.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Immediately equip the rocket launcher.
Entities and attributes: rocket launcher (location), tmp (location), 
Step: Aim for Salazar's unarmed and unprotected body and FIRE!
Entities and attributes: rocket launcher (orientation), salazar (viability), you (focus), 

A person's goal is to make cornflake broiled grapefruit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a small bowl, mix the crushed cornflakes, peanut butter, and butter together.
Entities and attributes: butter (location), cornflakes (size | form,location,cleanness), peanut butter (location), bowl | spoon | the bowl (weight,volume,weight,cleanness,wetness), the ingredients | ingredients (composition), 
Step: Using a knife, spread the mixture over the grapefruit half.
Entities and attributes: mixture | the mixture (location), grapefruit (size,form,location,taste | temperature), bowl | spoon | the bowl (weight,weight), knife | the knife (cleanness,moisture | wetness,location,texture), 
Step: Keep an eye on it as is broils, to avoid burning.
Entities and attributes: mixture | the mixture (temperature), butter (temperature), stove | pan (temperature), grapefruit (taste | temperature,location), cornflakes (temperature), peanut butter (temperature), you (focus), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: grapefruit (location), peanut butter (dryness), bowl | spoon | the bowl (weight,cleanness,location), spoon (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to grow lemon thyme.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plant lemon thyme in a sunny and sheltered position.
Entities and attributes: watering can | plant | area (location), lemon thyme (lemon location), seeds | weeds (location), thyme (ownership), shovel (cleanness), hands (cleanness), 
Step: Make sure the soil is good.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Ensure that lemon thyme has adequate water during the warmer months.
Entities and attributes: watering can | plant | area (moisture | wetness,water amount), thyme (moisture | wetness,color), soil (moisture), 
Step: Keep the lemon thyme area well weeded.
Entities and attributes: watering can | plant | area (weed amount | cleanness), seeds | weeds (location,living state), gloves (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to raise your xbox 360 gamerscore.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get out the guides for your current video games and look at the Achievements are listed.
Entities and attributes: achievement list (location), guides (availability | location), book guide (location,orientation), video game (power), achievements (achievements), xbox (power), guide (guide), 
Step: You don't have to be an expert, major-league gamer to get a high Gamerscore.
Entities and attributes: person (knowledge), 
Step: Browse the Internet for tips and tricks to help you get your Gamerscore higher.
Entities and attributes: game guide (location), tips | tricks (tips | tricks), computer (power), you (knowledge), gamer score (gamer score), browser (browser), 
Step: Play the campaign.
Entities and attributes: person (location,action), xbox (power), campaign (campaign), game (power), 

A person's goal is to make molasses coady.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place all of the ingredients into the saucepan.
Entities and attributes: pan | ingredients | pot (temperature,volume), molasses (location,texture,temperature), saucepan | the saucepan (fullness | volume,weight,weight,cleanness), butter (temperature), the ingredients (organization), 
Step: Bring the ingredients to a boil.
Entities and attributes: pan | ingredients | pot (temperature,organization,motion), molasses (temperature), saucepan | the saucepan (stability,temperature), butter (temperature), stove (temperature), 
Step: Simmer for 10 minutes.
Entities and attributes: mixture | sauce (thickness,volume,heating), pan | ingredients | pot (temperature,weight,volume), spoon (cleanness), saucepan | the saucepan (stability), the liquid (temperature,size), 
Step: Pour over a pudding.
Entities and attributes: mixture | sauce (location), pan | ingredients | pot (weight), puddling (moisture), desert (moisture,topping), coady (thickness), saucepan | the saucepan (weight,fullness | volume,volume), the pudding (temperature), the liquid (location), 

A person's goal is to clean a cooktop.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove all dirty dishes and any leftover food from the cooktop surface.
Entities and attributes: cooktop | cooktop surface | stove | soapy water | stovetop (area | space), towel | cleaner | surface (cleanness), dishes | food (location), cleaning location (capacity), stoe (organization), dirty dishes (clean), leftovers (cleanness), 
Step: Wash down the entire surface area of your cooktop after it cools.
Entities and attributes: cooktop | cooktop surface | stove | soapy water | stovetop (cleanness | clean,temperature,wetness), towel | cleaner | surface (location,cleanness,dryness), water (wetness), sponge (location), dried food (clean), bucket (fullness,location,moisture), rag (moisture), 
Step: Apply a non-abrasive stove top cleaner to the surface of the stove.
Entities and attributes: cooktop | cooktop surface | stove | soapy water | stovetop (cleanness | location,cleanness | clean,moisture,texture,apperance), towel | cleaner | surface (location,cleanness,brightness), towels | surface (moisture | wetness), cleaner bottle (weight,location), sponge (cleanness), debris (location), 
Step: Rinse the cooktop surface thoroughly with clean water after cleaning.
Entities and attributes: cooktop | cooktop surface | stove | soapy water | stovetop (cleanness | clean,cleanness | location,wetness), towel | cleaner | surface (location,dryness), stove surface (cleanness), water (location,composition), residue (clean), 

A person's goal is to make juicesicles (for kids).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour in any kind of juice like cranberry that you would like into a several paper cups, or an ice cube tray.
Entities and attributes: juicesicles | juice | ice cube tray (location | weight,cleanness,texture), tray | paper cups | cup (moisture,weight,volume,moisture,volume), cups (volume), 
Step: Stick the spoon, or a wooden Popsicle stick, or plastic spoon into the juice, when you put the cups in the freezer when they are halfway frozen, mushy, and put it in just in right timing.
Entities and attributes: popsicle sticks | popsicle stick | popsicle sticl (temperature,location,moisture | cleanness), juicesicles | juice | ice cube tray (temperature,location,texture), tray | paper cups | cup (temperature), spoons | spoon (location,temperature), cups (temperature), 
Step: Now freeze your Juicesicles until they are frozen, or freeze for a day.
Entities and attributes: popsicle sticks | popsicle stick | popsicle sticl (temperature), juicesicles | juice | ice cube tray (location | weight,temperature,location,texture,hardness), tray | paper cups | cup (temperature), 
Step: Juicesicles out!
Entities and attributes: juicesicles | juice | ice cube tray (location,location), 

A person's goal is to make a power outage kit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Gather all the items listed in the "Things You'll Need" section near the bottom of this page.
Entities and attributes: materiales (organization), the items (location), list (knowledge), 
Step: ######Put it all together in some sort of container.
Entities and attributes: bag | container (weight,volume,fullness), items (organization), the container (weight), 
Step: ######Make sure it is easy to open, since you'll probably have to fumble for it in the dark.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: ######Put it in a convenient spot.
Entities and attributes: bag | container (location), it (location), drawer (fullness,weight), 

A person's goal is to make zippity pop popcorn.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put popcorn in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: popcorn (location), bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness), 
Step: Put the butter in a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: stove (power), butter (location,temperature,size), pan (temperature,weight,cleanness), saucepan (weight), 
Step: Stir chilli powder and garlic powder into melted butter with wooden spoon.
Entities and attributes: popcorn (taste,moisture), butter (location,temperature,color), spoon (cleanness), butter, chili powder and garlic powder (composition), seasonings (moisture), chili powder and garlic powder (temperature), ingredients (organization), cheese (composition), 
Step: Put the popcorn in the container and cover.
Entities and attributes: popcorn (location), container (cleanness,weight,openness), bowl (weight,fullness), 

A person's goal is to finish mdf.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the MDF for finishing.
Entities and attributes: the mdf (readiness), mdf (readiness), 
Step: Determine the type of finish desired.
Entities and attributes: finish | the type of finish (knowledge), 
Step: Initiate the finishing process.
Entities and attributes: primer (location), brush | board (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Apply the sealant.
Entities and attributes: sealant (location), the brush | the wood (moisture | wetness,weight), the bucket (volume,weight), the board (weight,moisture), brush | board (cleanness,moisture), mdf (material), the sealant (location), 

A person's goal is to make haupia.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a small pot and combine the salt, cornstarch, sugar, and a 1/2 cup of coconut milk.
Entities and attributes: salt, cornstarch, sugar | cornstarch, sugar and salt (wetness | moisture), ingredients | pot (temperature | taste,weight,cleanness,location,wetness), salt, cornstarch, sugar and milk (composition), 
Step: Heat the ingredients on low heat and pour in the rest of the coconut milk.
Entities and attributes: rest of the coconut milk (location), ingredients | pot (temperature | taste,weight), mixture (temperature), milk (location), 
Step: Wait until you get a clear, but thick liquid so that it can coat a spoon.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | pot (temperature | taste,composition), mixture (consistency), liquid (thickness), 
Step: Get a shallow pan (flat baking pan is good) and pour the mixture in.
Entities and attributes: shallow pan (weight,cleanness,fullness), mixture (location,shape), pan (volume), 

A person's goal is to remove sticky build up of wood polish.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix the linseed oil and malt vinegar together.
Entities and attributes: vinegar | oil and vinegar (location | composition), the linseed oil and malt vinegar (composition), linseed oil (location), container (cleanness), ingredients (composition), spoon (location), bowl (texture), hands (texture), 
Step: Shake the mixture together in a bottle.
Entities and attributes: vinegar | oil and vinegar (location), hand (pressure), ingredients (temperature), bottle (cleanness), bowl (volume), arm (speed), the mixture (composition), glass (texture), 
Step: Dampen a soft cloth with the mixture.
Entities and attributes: jar cap (location), liquid (location), cloth | the cloth (wetness,weight,texture), mixture (volume), fingers (temperature), hands (texture), 
Step: Wipe over the over-polished area until the polish lifts.
Entities and attributes: polish (location), hand (movement), area (brightness,thickness), surface (texture), cloth | the cloth (location), table (texture), 

A person's goal is to do fun things on your psp.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: On your computer, go to .
Entities and attributes: computer (power), internet connection (availability), wifi password (knowledge), ac adaptor (power), firmware (age), psp (location,power), person (orientation), 
Step: Go into the Internet Browser on your PSP.
Entities and attributes: ability to find browser (knowledge), browser (openness), psp (power), person (orientation), 
Step: You can log into Yahoo Mail on your PSP.
Entities and attributes: search for bowman 2 (completion), yahoo mail account (location), bowman 2 game (location), 
Step: Search Youtube for portals and how to install them.
Entities and attributes: knowing what portals are (knowledge), youtube website (action), dragon ball z (location), tekken 6 (location), war (location of god), 

A person's goal is to select and store limes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look for a lime by type.
Entities and attributes: limes | the limes | lime | the lime (knowledge), you (focus | weight), 
Step: Look for limes that have unbroken skin and no blemishes.
Entities and attributes: limes | the limes | lime | the lime (knowledge), you (focus | weight), 
Step: It should be firm and heavy for its size.
Entities and attributes: you was looking for a lime that (weight), hand (openness), you (focus | weight), 
Step: Store limes in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: limes | the limes | lime | the lime (temperature,location,knowledge), fridge (volume), 

A person's goal is to prepare a potting mixture suitable for striking roses.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look for a combination of mixture elements that will provide good drainage.
Entities and attributes: cutting | soil | cuttings (location,density,composition), elements (ownership,location,organization), water (location), plant (hydration), 
Step: Make a mixture out of any of the following items combined with quality potting mixture suitable for seedlings:
Entities and attributes: cutting | soil | cuttings (location), elements (location), items | soil components (composition), pot (weight,volume,cleanness), 
Step: Place rooting hormone on the base of the cutting prior to insertion into the mixture.
Entities and attributes: hormone (location | orientation,ownership), cutting | soil | cuttings (moisture,activation,location,strength), pot (weight,volume), 
Step: Water the cutting thoroughly on planting.
Entities and attributes: cutting | soil | cuttings (moisture,location), water (location), plant (hydration), hose (power), pot (moisture), 

A person's goal is to trace patterns against a window pane.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Tack or pin the piece of paper on which the copy is to be made onto the pattern.
Entities and attributes: paper (paper), pattern piece (thickness), tape (location), window (coverage), 
Step: ######Take your preferred tracing item.
Entities and attributes: tracing pen (location), 
Step: The process of tracing is easy enough, so long as the hand does not get tired.
Entities and attributes: hand (location), 
Step: Remove when completed.
Entities and attributes: paper (location,paper), window (coverage), 

A person's goal is to prepare a genuine leather chamois for use.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wash the chamois in warm, soapy water.
Entities and attributes: chamois | chaois | the chamois (wetness | moisture | shape,cleanness,cleanness,temperature,location), water (location,temperature,composition), soap (location), soap bottle (fullness,location), bucket | sink (volume | container), 
Step: Fold the chamois over several times and wring out thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: chamois | chaois | the chamois (wetness | moisture | shape,cleanness,location,form,weight), water (cleanness), hand (orientation), 
Step: Rinse the chamois thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: chamois | chaois | the chamois (wetness | moisture | shape,location,cleanness), faucet (power), 
Step: Hang the chamois up to dry.
Entities and attributes: chamois | chaois | the chamois (wetness | moisture | shape,location,temperature), the (location), 

A person's goal is to make dirt pudding mix in a mug.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine the ingredients in a small plastic zipped bag.
Entities and attributes: bag | plastic bag | mug | coffee mug | tag (weight,fullness | fulness | volume,cleanness,weight,shape), powder | ingredients (location,composition), cookies (composition,location), spoon (cleanness), zipper (form), 
Step: Line the inside of a coffee mug with tissue paper.
Entities and attributes: bag | plastic bag | mug | coffee mug | tag (fullness | fulness | volume,weight,material | thickness,location), tissue paper | paper (location | area,shape), 
Step: Add the plastic bag with a small whisk in the mug.
Entities and attributes: bag | plastic bag | mug | coffee mug | tag (location,weight), tissue paper | paper (order), zip bag (location), whisk (location), 
Step: Attach a decorative tag to the mug.
Entities and attributes: bag | plastic bag | mug | coffee mug | tag (location), tag | decorative tag (writing | composition,location), rope (organization), mix (identifiable yes or no), 

A person's goal is to kill flood on halo 1 and 3.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: On Halo 1, a shotgun will take care of Combat Forms in the most expedient way possible (excepting a rocket launcher or any type of explosive).
Entities and attributes: 
Step: On Halo 3, there are Flood Pure Forms, which are a lot harder to kill.
Entities and attributes: forms (resistance), 
Step: For Halo 3 The Flood can be generally be easily killed on any difficulty, the only time they put up a decent fight is when you are playing on Heroic difficulty, and they can be an actual challenge when you play on Legendary difficulty.
Entities and attributes: play (difficulty level), 
Step: When you encounter a Tank Flood Form,UNSC weapons are weak against these huge things!If you find an Energy Sword or rocket launcher,and fuel rod cannon kill them quickly they can also pack a punch!
Entities and attributes: unsc weapons (strength), player (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make ranch seasoning.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put all of the ingredients into a small to medium sized bowl.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | the ingredients (location,composition), knowledge of what ranch seasoning is (knowledge), the bowl (weight), bowl (cleanness,emptiness,volume), herbs and spices (location), buttermilk (location), sour cream (location), mayo (location), 
Step: Whisk them all together.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | the ingredients (composition,composition,location), hand blender (cleanness,power), whisk (location), 
Step: Store it in an airtight container.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | the ingredients (location), container (cleanness,emptiness,location), the jar (weight), bowl (emptiness), dressing container (coverage,location), dressing (location), table (cleanness), 
Step: Note when the seasoning is made.
Entities and attributes: note paper (cleanness,location), pen/pencil (location), magic marker (location), masking tape (location), calendar (location), date (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a soft scrub mixture for cleaning the bathroom.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Mix together the baking soda, borax and washing soda.
Entities and attributes: borax (location), baking soda | washing soda (location), the baking soda, borax and washing soda (composition), baking soda box (weight), powders | spoon | bowl (cleanness,weight), baking powder (composition), mixing bowl (weight,location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: ######Add enough liquid soap to make it into a paste of even consistency.
Entities and attributes: mixture (color,consistency,dryness), dish soap | liquid soap (location), dish soap dispenser (location), powders | spoon | bowl (moisture,weight,wetness,moisture), soap (purity), the liquid soap (composition), the paste (composition), 
Step: ######Place the mixture into a squirt bottle.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), powders | spoon | bowl (weight), squirt bottle (fullness), bottle mouth (cleanness), mixing bowl (weight,location), spray bottle (weight | fullness,location,cleanness), the mixture (location), the bottle (weight,moisture), bottle (weight), 
Step: ######Use for cleaning bathroom surfaces such as the shower, tiles, basin, and toilet.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), surfaces | surface (cleanness,clarity), tiles (cleanness), user (location), spray bottle (weight | fullness,location), tile (moisture), 

A person's goal is to move stealthily.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Don't run unless you're making a mad break for cover or you absolutely have to.
Entities and attributes: moves (speed), you (knowledge | height), 
Step: Normal or light breathing means awake or almost awake.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge | height), 
Step: Map out the area your going to be sneaking around in and take in every detail, especially hiding spots and alley ways.
Entities and attributes: area | the area (organization | knowledge), details (knowledge), route (knowledge), 
Step: When being sneaky be high up or low to the ground if possible.
Entities and attributes: silhouette (size), hands (location), feet (position), you (knowledge | height), 

A person's goal is to make shirkhurma.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Heat the saffron in a small metal bowl,on a very low a flame,shaking the bowl all the time so that saffron threads do not turn.
Entities and attributes: saffron | the saffron (temperature,temperature | shape,location,location,movement), the bowl (weight,movement), bowl (temperature), 
Step: When cooled,crush it with finger tips and keep aside.Heat ghee in a heavy bottomed pan,lower the flame,put in the vermicelli and fry till it turns into a light golden color.Pour 1/2 cup water.In a few minutes the vermicelli would be soft.
Entities and attributes: saffron | the saffron (temperature,size | wholeness | composition,temperature | shape,color), ghee (temperature,texture), pan (temperature,cleanness), vermicelli (texture), the vermicelli (color), fingers (cleanness), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Pour milk and cook it for 8 minutes.Add sugar and simmer for another few minutes.Cut blanched almonds and pistachios finely.Add half of these with charoli,cardamom powder,raisins,crushed saffron and rose essence.Either rose essence or saffron should be used to keep the flavor pure.
Entities and attributes: almonds and pistachios (wholeness | composition | shape), milk container | the container of milk (weight), nuts (size), flavorings (taste), sugar (composition,moisture), milk (temperature,taste | temperature), 
Step: Pour this ready Shirkhurma in a big glass bowl and garnish with remaining pieces of almond and pistachios.
Entities and attributes: remaining almond and pistachio (composition), mixture (location), misture (temperature), food (location), shirkhurma (location,temperature), glass bowl (cleanness), the bowl (weight,volume), 

A person's goal is to choose suitable home crop plants to grow over a pergola.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select food plants that like to climb and will enjoy the sunny position that pergolas usually sit in.
Entities and attributes: plants | food plants (location,location | knowledge,ownership), pergola (covering), 
Step: Be sure to provide a decent planting area that is easy to fertilise and water regularly.
Entities and attributes: plants | food plants (location), planting area (capacity,improvement), water (location), plant roots (moisture), plant (moisture), fertilizer (location), planter (space), soil (moisture,fertility), the area (availability), 
Step: Each of the crops selected above are ideal for providing a lot of fruit toward the end of summer and into early autumn.
Entities and attributes: crops (location), summer | season (time), you (knowledge), fruit (weight,hardness,quantity), 
Step: Keep training the vines in the direction that you find convenient.
Entities and attributes: vine direction (shape), vines (training,shape,size), pergola (covering), 

A person's goal is to make a torch in the blockheads.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Tap on the inventory.
Entities and attributes: torch (ownership), inventory bag (openness), finger (location), player's focus (focus), inventory screen | inventory (location | color), area (temperature), 
Step: Tap where you'd like to place the torch.
Entities and attributes: torch (availability | location), inventory slot | inventory slots (availability), finger (action), torch block space (availability), mouse cursor (location), game area (brightness), 
Step: If you need to remove a block where a torch is located, tap on the block.
Entities and attributes: torch (availability | location), block (orientation | location,focus), inventory slot | inventory slots (availability), mouse cursor (location), torch space (availability), 
Step: Add a torch whenever your Blockhead's status suggests that your Blockhead would like more light.
Entities and attributes: torch (availability | location), inventory slot | inventory slots (availability), blockhead (visibility), game area (brightness), room (brightness), 

A person's goal is to make pear baby food.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Peel the skin off of the pear.
Entities and attributes: pear | the pear | the pears | pear pieces (form | composition,weight,moisture,cleanness,color), peel (location), peeler (cleanness,moisture), skin (location), 
Step: Cut the pear into quarters and de-seed the pears.
Entities and attributes: pear | the pear | the pears | pear pieces (form | composition,weight,size | number), knife (cleanness,moisture), seeds (location), stem (location), 
Step: Place pieces in a blender or food processor to puree with a few drops of lemon juice.
Entities and attributes: pear | the pear | the pears | pear pieces (form | composition,location,texture,taste), blender (cleanness | wetness,power,moisture,weight,container), lemon juice (location), the blender (weight), bottle (weight), 
Step: Serve immediately or store in freezer.
Entities and attributes: puree (location), baby food container (location), freezer (container), baby food (location), 

A person's goal is to turn old towels into bath mats.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wash the towels that you're going to use.
Entities and attributes: washing machine | washer (power,moisture), towels | bath towels (wetness | moisture,cleanness,location | form), 
Step: Once the towels are wash and dried, set up your sewing machine.
Entities and attributes: washing machine | washer (volume), towels | bath towels (location | form,cleanness,width), bobbin (threading), thread (location), sewing machine (location,organization,condition), needle (threading), dryer (speed), 
Step: Fold each bath towel in half.
Entities and attributes: sewing machine foot (position), towels | bath towels (position | shape,location | form,width,organization), thread (location), 
Step: Place on the ground.
Entities and attributes: towels | bath towels (location | form), 

A person's goal is to make ramen chicken salad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare ramen noodles as directed on package, but discard the soup base.
Entities and attributes: ramen | pot (cleanness,availability), soup base package (location), noodles (location,temperature,texture | hardness,hydration,moisture), bowl (weight), soup base (location), ramen noodles (moisture), water (temperature), 
Step: Cook the chicken pieces until thoroughly cooked or browned.
Entities and attributes: chicken | chicken pieces (temperature | taste | shape,location,temperature,color,texture), ramen | pot (composition,volume), chicken chunks (size), meat (cooked | temperature), pan (weight,fullness), 
Step: Layer the bacon on top of the chicken.
Entities and attributes: chicken | chicken pieces (organization,coverage), ramen | pot (composition,volume), bacon (location,length,neatness), dish (weight), 
Step: Dress and finish the salad with a generous helping of croutons and salad dressing.
Entities and attributes: dressing | croutons | crouton (location,moisture), ramen | pot (volume), salad | salad dressing (completion | location | taste,weight), dish (moisture), 

A person's goal is to trim a bonsai.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Determine which season your tree should be trimmed during.
Entities and attributes: seaon (knowledge), 
Step: Ensure that the tree has enough time to recover from the pruning.
Entities and attributes: tree (composition), 
Step: Determine which branches should be pruned.
Entities and attributes: branches (choice), 
Step: Trim the bonsai tree's roots accordingly.
Entities and attributes: bonsai (location), roots (composition,length,exposure), 

A person's goal is to defeat black elemental in final fantasy x 2.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Equip one girl in the Songstress dressphere and the other two in the Gunner dressphere.
Entities and attributes: songstress dressphere (availability), girls in dresspheres (arming), gunner dresspheres (availability), 
Step: Immediately have the Songstress use Magical Masque.
Entities and attributes: magical masque (complexity), 
Step: Have the Gunners use the ability Tableturner on Black Elemental.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Keep doing the following and you should beat Black Elemental.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a china white cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Free pour the white crème de cacao in the shot glass.
Entities and attributes: the bottle | the glass | bottle (weight,moisture), crème de cacao (location), glass (weight,volume), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Take your teaspoon and turn it around, so that the bottom is facing you.
Entities and attributes: the bottom of the teaspoon (position), the bottle | the glass | bottle (weight), the teaspoon (location,moisture), teaspoon (orientation,location,moisture), 
Step: Slowly pour the Baileys over the teaspoon.
Entities and attributes: the bottom of the teaspoon (moisture), the bottle | the glass | bottle (weight,volume,volume,location), teaspoon (moisture), bailey's (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), 

A person's goal is to harvest carrots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use your garden fork and dig into the ground from the side of the carrot's row.
Entities and attributes: garden fork (cleanness), dirt (organization), 
Step: Get a good grip, but not a tight one, on the green tops while you pull them up.
Entities and attributes: carrot | carrots (location), hand (location), 
Step: Inspect each carrot for holes and blemishes (color changes).
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Air dry them on the surface for about 20 minutes or so before putting them in storage.
Entities and attributes: carrot | carrots (location,wetness), sun (location), 

A person's goal is to beat guitar hero 2.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: This is of Course the easiest level out there.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Medium is more difficult than easy.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: This level is a lot more crazy that Easy and Medium.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Beat Expert.
Entities and attributes: level (completion), points (number), song (completion), 

A person's goal is to make salt glaze.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put the water into a small saucepan.
Entities and attributes: water container (fullness,weight), saucepan (weight,wetness | volume,location), water | towel (location), measuring cup | pot | mixture (moisture), water faucet (power), pan (weight), 
Step: Pour in the salt and cook over gentle heat until the salt dissolves.
Entities and attributes: saucepan (temperature,weight), water | towel (temperature,taste), salinity (salinity), spoon (cleanness), salt (location,composition | texture), stove (power), 
Step: Remove from heat and allow to cool.
Entities and attributes: saucepan (temperature,location), water | towel (temperature), measuring cup | pot | mixture (temperature), pan (location), stove (power), 
Step: Use a pastry brush to coat the savoury baked items with the cooled salt glaze.
Entities and attributes: pastry brush (moisture | cleanness,location), baked items (coating | composition), salt glaze (temperature,area), brush | pasty brush (cleanness), foods (glazing), items (moisture), 

A person's goal is to make an onion grill cleaner.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut onion in half.
Entities and attributes: cutting board | knife | the knife (cleanness,moisture,moisture,location), onion (shape | temperature,location | size,statespear), juice (location), the onion (weight), hands (emptiness), 
Step: Stab the onion half with your grill spear.
Entities and attributes: grill spear | spear | grill (cleanness,location,location,moisture,volume), the grill spear (weight), 
Step: Apply onion to a hot grill.
Entities and attributes: grill spear | spear | grill (temperature), onion (shape | temperature), grill top | grill (emptiness,moisture | wetness), grill (cleanness,electric conductivity), the onions (location,temperature), the grill (weight), 
Step: Wipe grill with wet kitchen towel as you work.
Entities and attributes: kitchen towel | the towel (wetness | cleanness,temperature,weight), onion (shape | temperature), grill top | grill (moisture | wetness), grill (cleanness), cloth | towel (cleanness,moisture,temperature), the grill (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make four legged pipe cleaner animals.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select two pipe cleaners of the same color.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners (location,color,ownership,selection), hand muscles (pressure), hands | hand (emptiness), 
Step: Twist the pipe cleaners together to make the body.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners (location,composition,shape), 
Step: Twist a pipe cleaner around the tip of your index finger two times in order to make the head.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners (shape,location,shape), hands | hand (emptiness), 
Step: Attach the neck to the body.
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner | the pipe cleaner | pipe cleaners (location), neck and body | the neck (composition | location,location), the body (weight,length), head (location), neck (attachment), 

A person's goal is to make a caravan cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill your glass halfway with ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: glass (weight,temperature,moisture,fullness,cleanness), ice (location,temperature,statein | texture), ice cubes (location), 
Step: Add the cola, cointreau, and red wine into the glass.
Entities and attributes: glass (weight,cleanness,volume), cola (location), liquids (temperature), red wine (location), cointreau (location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Cut a small cut in the cherry and use it as a garnish on the side of the glass.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture), glass (decoration,color), cherry (location,composition), 
Step: Finished.######//<!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to clean stovetop mess with salt.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Sprinkle the spill with salt immediately.
Entities and attributes: stovetop | stove (container), salt (location,temperature), salt jar (container), liquid (texture), 
Step: Leave the mess as you continue cooking.
Entities and attributes: salt (location), 
Step: Allow the stovetop or oven to cool.
Entities and attributes: stovetop | stove (temperature,container), salt (temperature), heat (location), cold (location), oven (availability), 
Step: Wipe off the mess.
Entities and attributes: stovetop | stove (temperature), mess (location,cleanness), salt (location), cloth (cleanness | moisture,temperature), towel (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to work the italian lace stitch.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Commence at the right side of the fabric design.
Entities and attributes: familiarity with  italian lace stitch (familiarity), knowledge of lace-working (knowledge), knitting needle (location), yarn and needle (location), needle position (location), cloth (composition), 
Step: Stitch the first row.
Entities and attributes: number of draping lops made (magnitude), number of small loops made (magnitude), number pf rows stitched (magnitude), position of needle (location), pattern schematic (location), thread (location), 
Step: Stitch the second row.
Entities and attributes: number of draping lops made in row 2 (magnitude), number of small loops made in row 2 (magnitude), number pf rows stitched (magnitude), position of needle (location), second row (composition), 
Step: Continue stitching until you have formed the shape directed in your pattern.
Entities and attributes: shape being stitched (visibility), italian loop (knowledge), stitches (stability), pattern (form), yarn (location), 

A person's goal is to make a colorful heart pillow.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut off the fabric you have selected.
Entities and attributes: the larger piece of fabric (weight | length), fabric (shape,composition,form,length), scissors (dullness), 
Step: Sew two pieces of heart fabric.
Entities and attributes: fabric pieces (location | form), heart shaped fabric (composition), thread and fabric (composition), thread (location), edges (security), fabric (thickness), needle (threading), the pieces (organization,weight), 
Step: Turn over the heart to the observe side; stuff the quilting inside through the small opening.
Entities and attributes: heart shaped pillow form (composition), heart shaped fabric (form), quilting (location), heart (shape), stuffing (location), fabric (position), the heart (position,weight | thickness), pillow (fullness,weight,shape), 
Step: Make a bow with satin ribbon; sew the bow to the middle top of the heart.
Entities and attributes: satin ribbon (form), satin bow (location), heart (decoration), ribbon | the ribbon (shape,securing), the heart (weight | thickness,width), the bow (location), pillow (composition), 

A person's goal is to beat god mode in god of war.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Complete the Challenge of the Gods.
Entities and attributes: knowledg of what the challenges of the gods are (knowledge), knowledge of what god mode is (knowledge), blades of chaos (magnitude), army of hades (magnitude), god of war (familiarity), 
Step: Take each part one step at a time.
Entities and attributes: magic legionnaires  in challenge 1 (location), undead legionnaires in challenge 5 (viability), minotaurs in challenge 4 (viability), undead in challenge 2 (viability), you (steps), 
Step: After beating the Challenge of the Gods you should be pretty good at evading and attacking; therefore enemies shouldn't be a big problem############
Entities and attributes: enemies (magnitude), evasion skills | attacking skills (magnitude), damage enemies can do to you (magnitude), you (skill), 
Step: Beating bosses will take a lot longer.
Entities and attributes: knowledge pf bosses names (knowledge), you (speed), 

A person's goal is to make ginned blueberries.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix the blueberries and sugar in a suitable jar.
Entities and attributes: blueberries and sugar | sugar and blueberries (location | composition), blueberries (taste | moisture,location), they (shape,form), it | ingredients (purpose,composition,focus), 
Step: Pour in gin to cover the blueberries.
Entities and attributes: blueberries and sugar | sugar and blueberries (wetness), blueberries (taste | moisture,color,moisture), gin | lid (location), they (form,texture,intoxicant,moisture,purpose), blueberries and gin (composition), 
Step: Place the lid on the jar and put aside to age.
Entities and attributes: jar lid (tightness), gin | lid (location), they (age,clarity,containment), it | ingredients (form | location), jar (openness), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: blueberries (location), they (airability,focus,movement), it | ingredients (form | location), 

A person's goal is to move big pots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: This requires thinking ahead when you first place your pot plant down.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), location (preparation), 
Step: Purchase or hire a trolley with adequate width at the base able to take the pot size.
Entities and attributes: trolley (position,motion,ownership | location), pot | pots | box (location), you (possession,cost), 
Step: Use a cardboard box.
Entities and attributes: pot | pots | box (location,shape), cardboard (movement), back (position), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to clean video games.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather your things needed############
Entities and attributes: things needed | things (location), the things (location), 
Step: Wipe the disc from the center to the outer edge with then cloth, making as many swipes as needed.
Entities and attributes: disc | the disc | disk (cleanness,location,cleanness | moisture,shininess,brightness), cloth | wiping cloth (cleanness), the cloth (cleanness), 
Step: If there is something you cannot get, spray some disc cleaning spray on it then wipe it off.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | the bottle (weight,volume,location), disc | the disc | disk (cleanness,cleanness | moisture,moisture,weight), the table (weight), cloth | wiping cloth (wetness | moisture content), cleaning spray (location), 
Step: Never use a shirt to clean a disc, you could scratch it.
Entities and attributes: disc | the disc | disk (damage), you (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make lime stuffing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the butter, onion and garlic into a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: butter, onion and garlic | butter and onion and garlic (location,composition,temperature), remaining ingredients | ingredients (composition), saucepan | pan (fullness,cleanness,weight), onion | garlic (location,temperature), butter (temperature), 
Step: Remove the saucepan from the heat.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | pan (temperature,location), 
Step: Add the remaining ingredients.
Entities and attributes: remaining ingredients | ingredients (location,temperature,composition), saucepan | pan (weight), 
Step: Once the mixture has been mixed thoroughly and becomes firmer, it's ready to use as stuffing.
Entities and attributes: remaining ingredients | ingredients (composition), mixture (composition,hardness,firmness,texture,consistency), 

A person's goal is to make a heavy duty cleaner for color fast rugs.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix all of the ingredients together into a paste.
Entities and attributes: bottle of vinegar (mass), measuring c up (cleanness), water | watch (location), mixing bowl | ingredients bowl (weight,wetness), vinegar (location), spoon (cleanness), borax (location), salt (location), mixing stick (wetness), mxing stick (texture), measuring cup (moisture), ingredients (composition,location,texture), bowl (fullness,moisture), 
Step: Rub the paste direct into the carpet over the stain.
Entities and attributes: paste | cleaning mixture (location), carpet (wetness,weight,hardness,texture,thickness), mixing bowl | ingredients bowl (fullness), spoon (cleanness), paste applicator (wetness), hands (cleanness), stain (covering), finger (wetness), 
Step: Leave to sit for a few hours.
Entities and attributes: paste | cleaning mixture (wetness,moisture,freshness | wetness), carpet (wetness,weight), water | watch (location), room (temperature), carpet spot (texture), particles (location), 
Step: Vacuum up thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: paste | cleaning mixture (location,speed,dryness), vacuum | vacuum cleaner (power,location), carpet (cleanness | cleaness,weight), room (sound), vacuum bristles (weight), vacuum bag (weight,shape), dirt (location), 

A person's goal is to press vintage ribbons.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lay the ribbon out on a flat surface.
Entities and attributes: ribbon | ribbom | the ribbon (ribbon | moisture,location), 
Step: Mix together a third of rubbing alcohol with two thirds water.
Entities and attributes: alcohol and water | water and alcohol (mix | composition), rubbing alcohol (alcohol), alcohol (dilution,location), water (location,water), bowl (weight,fullness,moisture), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Use a clean sponge to gently sponge the ribbon with the mixture.
Entities and attributes: sponge | mix on sponge | the sponge (sponge | mix on sponge,moisture), mixture | the mixture (location), ribbon | ribbom | the ribbon (moisture,ribbon | moisture), 
Step: Allow it to dry partly.
Entities and attributes: ribbon | ribbom | the ribbon (wetness,ribbon | moisture,temperature), iron (temperature), 

A person's goal is to make vodka ice cream.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the items needed and the ingredients.
Entities and attributes: vodka | vanilla ice cream (ownership,location,location), ice cram | ice cream (location), desiccated coconut (ownership,location), ingredients (location,composition), 
Step: Place both the ice cream and the vodka into the food processor or blender.
Entities and attributes: vodka | vanilla ice cream (location,temperature), ice cram | ice cream (location,temperature,texture), blender (cleanness,weight), ice cream and vodka (location), vodka and ice cream (composition), vodka bottle (volume), 
Step: Pour the blended mixture into the container.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,weight,location), mixture (location), hand (location), container (volume), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: vodka ice cream (location), bowl | spoon (cleanness,temperature,location), mixture (location,possession), mouth (volume), 

A person's goal is to remove tea stains with sugar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make a solution of sugar dissolved in water.
Entities and attributes: water (composition), sugar (location,moisture), container (fullness), 
Step: Immerse the tablecloth or other fabric into the solution for a few minutes.
Entities and attributes: tablecloth | the tablecloth (wetness | moisture,location,location,weight), fabric (wetness), 
Step: Rinse the tablecloth in water.
Entities and attributes: tablecloth | the tablecloth (location), fabric (cleanness), 
Step: Dry as usual.
Entities and attributes: tablecloth | the tablecloth (wetness | moisture,temperature,wetness), water (location), fabric (location,moisture), drying rack (fullness), 

A person's goal is to make roasted buffalo chickpeas.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare to make the chickpeas.
Entities and attributes: chickpeas | chicpeas (location,coverage | taste,moisture,texture), oven | pan (cleanness,volume,emptiness), can opener (cleanness), water (location), you (readiness), 
Step: Whisk together the Buffalo sauce ingredients.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | the ingredients (composition,location,organization), fork (cleanness,moisture), bleu cheese (location), spoon (cleanness,location), bowl (cleanness,emptiness | volume), buttermilk (location), hot sauce (location), whisk (cleanness), 
Step: Pour sauce over chickpeas.
Entities and attributes: chickpeas | chicpeas (coverage | taste,color,moisture), sauce (location), oven | pan (weight,volume,wetness,moisture), chicpeas (wetness), bowl (weight,emptiness | volume), the sauce (location), the chickpeas (weight), 
Step: Bake for 30 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven.
Entities and attributes: chickpeas | chicpeas (coverage | taste,temperature), oven | pan (temperature,power | electric conductivity,volume), the oven (temperature), sheet pan (volume), cheese (temperature), 

A person's goal is to fix a stripped cabinet knob or drawer pull.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Separate screw and knob.
Entities and attributes: screw and knob | knob assemly (screw and knob | composition), screw (orientation | placement), knob (weight), 
Step: Place a sliver of wood inside of the knob.
Entities and attributes: inside of knob | sliver of wood (inside of knob | placement), knob (weight), wood (size), 
Step: Thread the knob back onto cabinet, closet or drawer.
Entities and attributes: knob (location | knob,placement), 
Step: Test the handle.
Entities and attributes: handle | the handle (tightness,handle | knowledge,movement), 

A person's goal is to win in rtw custom battle.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: With A Horse Army:Take Head on.
Entities and attributes: fighters (form,power), horse (location), person (location), army (location), 
Step: With Infantry:If playing open field, send your hoplites or spear men(if you have any, triarii are roman spearmen)in front and your light infantry at their rear.If you have 3 groups of horse men(excluding your general)hide them until you start to have heavy casualties.Hit them from rear or side.
Entities and attributes: soldiers (location), light infantry (location), horse groups (amount), your troops (placement), spear men (location), fight (action), battle (location), 
Step: With A Horse Army:If there are no spear men, take head on.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), horse (location), horse army (action), person (location), 
Step: With Infantry: If you have a lot of ranged units, wait for them to attack and send your missile units at head.When they come move your ranged to a safe attacking distance.
Entities and attributes: ranged units | missile units (action), player (knowledge), you (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make wheat, beet and walnut salad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Soak bulgur wheat in boiling water until water is absorbed (about half an hour).
Entities and attributes: wheat (temperature,wetness | moisture,texture), water (location,temperature,placement), container (cleanness,weight,fullness), bowl (weight,volume,moisture), 
Step: Whisk olive oil and lemon juice together and pour over wheat.
Entities and attributes: olive oil and lemon juice | lemon juice (composition | location), wheat (ingrediants,taste), whisk (cleanness,moisture), mixing container (cleanness), oil (location), wheat mixture (weight), bowl (cleanness,volume), olive oil (location), ingredients (mixing), 
Step: Stir in diced beets and walnuts just before serving.
Entities and attributes: diced beets and walnuts | walnuts (composition | location,size), beets (size,location), bowl (volume), diced beets (location), ingredients (organization), mixture (weight), dish (taste), 
Step: Add salt and pepper to taste.
Entities and attributes: salt and pepper (location), mixture (taste,flavor), dish (taste,completeness), 

A person's goal is to make non slip concrete steps.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Paint the steps with clear paving paint.
Entities and attributes: paint brush | paintbrush (cleanness,moisture), paint (shape | texture | moisture,location | area), brush (cleanness,moisture,texture), paint can (weight), steps (composition,moisture | dampness,form,odor), 
Step: Sprinkle fine sand over the wet paint.
Entities and attributes: sand | salt | step (wetness,location,moisture), paint (shape | texture | moisture,covering,color | odor), wet paint (texture), hand (cleanness), 
Step: Brush away any excess sand.
Entities and attributes: sand | salt | step (location,texture), sand layer (thickness), brush (cleanness), excess sand (location), 
Step: Allow to dry.
Entities and attributes: sand | salt | step (moisture,texture), paint (shape | texture | moisture,hardness,color | odor), step (wetness), 

A person's goal is to clean a gameboy cartridge.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: This may need to be the only step taken for some people.
Entities and attributes: the game cartridge | cartrige | cartridge (cleanness), sprey button (pressure), hand muscles (pressure), anti dust (openness), you (knowledge), 
Step: If that didn't work, take a q-tip and dip it in the water quickly, don't hold it under long.
Entities and attributes: q-tip | the q-tip (moisture,location,wetness,weight), bowl/bottle top (wetness), 
Step: Now, take the damp side and stick it in the cartridge and gently wipe it from side to side.
Entities and attributes: the game cartridge | cartrige | cartridge (moisture | cleanness | wetness,cleanness,cleanness), q-tip | the q-tip (moisture,cleanness,weight,location), 
Step: Turn the q-tip to the dry side and do the same as with the wet side.
Entities and attributes: the game cartridge | cartrige | cartridge (moisture | cleanness | wetness), q-tip | the q-tip (wetness,postition), 

A person's goal is to make raisin walnut muffin mix in a jar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Thoroughly clean out a 1 US-quart (950 ml) wide mouth canning jar.
Entities and attributes: canning jar | jar | contents (cleanness,wetness | moisture,cleanness | sealing), soap (location), sponge (moisture), water (power), 
Step: Be sure to follow the list from top to bottom; starting the layers with the sugar first and raisins last.
Entities and attributes: canning jar | jar | contents (fullness,cleanness,weight,dryness), raisins (location), sugar (location), ingredients (location), 
Step: Place the lid and firmly tighten it.
Entities and attributes: canning jar | jar | contents (weight,openness,cleanness | sealing,opening), lid (tightness), 
Step: Attach a decorative tag to the jar.
Entities and attributes: canning jar | jar | contents (decoration), tag (location), string (shape), 

A person's goal is to light up an indoor garden.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Utilize as much natural light as possible.
Entities and attributes: light | natural light (lighting | utilization,quantity | amount), plants (light), indoor garden (light), electric light (location,electric conductivity), room (light), 
Step: Familiarize yourself with the aspects of lighting that are relevant to plant growth.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), plant growth (knowledge), 
Step: Browse for different types of grow lights.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), lights (location,knowledge,electric conductivity), 
Step: Position your plants and set up your lighting.
Entities and attributes: your plants | the plants (location | position), the lights | lighting (location | installation), plants (location), lights (electric conductivity), 

A person's goal is to build a hotel on animal crossing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Buy sofas, tables, beds, etc.
Entities and attributes: sofas | beds (availability), shop door (position), tables (availability), sofa (location), inventory (volume), furniture (cost), counter (volume), bed (texture), table (stability), you (possession), 
Step: Sell things that aren't needed.
Entities and attributes: money pouch (volume), envelope (location), backpack (weight), clerk (sound), inventory (volume), screen (openness), you (money), 
Step: Give your Town, name, and friend code so people can visit your town's hotel.
Entities and attributes: friend list (openness), hotel door (openness), hotel (volume), friends (location), message (volume), hallway (sound), people (knowledge), 
Step: Hire people to work at your hotel while you're gone.
Entities and attributes: hotel (volume), employees (location), floors (cleanness), guests (sound), rooms (volume), account (volume), 

A person's goal is to make magic shell ice cream topping.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a double boiler or use two pots on top of each other.
Entities and attributes: double boiler | pots (location,composition), 
Step: Put the butter and chocolate chips into the top portion and melt them together.
Entities and attributes: chocolate chips (location,temperature), butter (location,temperature), butter and chips (hardness,temperature), ingredients (temperature), 
Step: Slowly add the vegetable oil to the mixture and stir it in well.
Entities and attributes: vegetable oil | oil (location,temperature,composition,composition), mixture (finish), spoon (cleanness), 
Step: Pour mixture into a sealed container and store in refrigerator until ready for use.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location,temperature), container (cleanness,fullness,weight), pot (fullness,volume), 

A person's goal is to break up a bromeliad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wait until the pups are about one third the size of the parent plant.
Entities and attributes: the pups | pups (size,length | weight,organization,age,width), bromeliad pup (size), 
Step: Use a sharp knife or a sharp pair of secateurs to cut the stem that connects the pup to the parent plant.
Entities and attributes: the pups | pups (organization), the pruning shears (wetness,cleanness), the parent plant (weight,width), the stem | stem (power | composition,location), plant (size,number), secateurs (cleanness), bromeliad (composition), scissors (location), knife (location), 
Step: Put them into a 50/50 blend of ordinary potting mix and  potting mix that have been mixed together well.
Entities and attributes: the potting mix | potting mixes (composition), the pups | pups (material | location,location,coverage), bromeliad pup (location), soil (location), 
Step: Discard the parent plant.
Entities and attributes: parent plant (location), the plant (location), bromiliad parent (location), 

A person's goal is to g shot in call of duty 4.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare a class with the M40A3 sniper rifle, or R700, bandoleer, stopping power critical, and deep impact.
Entities and attributes: class | the soldier class (step | readiness), character (readiness), 
Step: Walk into cover at any map, suggesting crossfire in the street for beginners, and watch for enemies in the streets or ahead of you.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), character (location,readiness), 
Step: To G-Shot, strafe to the left then back to the right so your cross hair lands on the target.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), cross hairs (step), character (readiness), 
Step: Strafe any directions left or right and make sure the cross-hair is on the target.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make sugar and cinnamon mango slices.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Score the flesh on the mango cheek so that the mango flesh forms many cubes still attached to the flesh.
Entities and attributes: mango (completeness | shape), knife (cleanness,moisture), flesh (size), cutting board (cleanness), 
Step: Dip each cubed mango cheek into the sugar and cinnamon mix.
Entities and attributes: mango (location | container,exposure,moisture,granularity), cinnamon | sugar (location,moisture), sugar (location), 
Step: Place the cheeks flesh down into a frying pan with macadamia oil and fry until golden.
Entities and attributes: mango (temperature,cooked,exposure,texture), pan | frying pan (temperature,cleanness,volume), cubes (temperature), oil (location,temperature), macadamia oil (temperature), stove (temperature), 
Step: Place on a serving plate.
Entities and attributes: mango (location | container), plate | serving plate (cleanness,weight,volume), pan | frying pan (weight,volume), ice cream (location), 

A person's goal is to select plants to situate near a barbecue.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Avoid plants that are at high risk of catching alight.
Entities and attributes: plants (ownership), 
Step: Prefer plants that have a slower reaction to flames and are less likely to ignite.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Situate the barbecue well away from plant life as much as possible.
Entities and attributes: barbecue (location), plants (orientation), 
Step: Avoid having any plant materials hanging near or over a barbecue, whatever species of plants you choose to have around the barbecue.
Entities and attributes: vines (orientation), 

A person's goal is to kill the wither in minecraft.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: The Wither is a high hitting boss, so arm yourself with as high level of armor as you can get.
Entities and attributes: wither (viablility | viability), armour (location), armor (location), character (clothing), player (knowledge), 
Step: Visit the  to collect 4 blocks of Soul Sand.
Entities and attributes: blocks (knowledge), character (location), soul sands (availability), 
Step: Do not fight the Wither initially.
Entities and attributes: wither (viablility | viability), character (clothing), player (knowledge,confidence), 
Step: Attack!
Entities and attributes: wither (viablility | viability,knowledge), character (clothing), 

A person's goal is to choose pasta.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look for durum wheat pastas.
Entities and attributes: pasta (location | ownership), 
Step: Cook the pasta for a test.
Entities and attributes: pasta (hardness | texture,temperature | taste,temperature,odor,container), water (electric conductivity), 
Step: Try dried and fresh pasta.
Entities and attributes: pasta (temperature | taste,dryness), 
Step: Choose the pasta sauce according to the pasta type.
Entities and attributes: pasta (temperature | taste), sauce (location | ownership,temperature), plate (color), 

A person's goal is to seal a wood deck.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure the surface is free of debris and that spaces between the wood are completely cleaned out.
Entities and attributes: deck | surface (cleanness | cleanliness,moisture), spaces in wood (cleanness), debris (location), paintbrush (cleanness | moisture), sealant (location), can (volume), 
Step: Use a product designed to clean the wood and remove deep stains, dirt, mold and mildew.
Entities and attributes: deck | surface (cleanness | cleanliness), product for cleaning (location), dirt | dust (location), mold (location), wood (cleanness,sealing), stains (location), mildew (location), 
Step: Apply a wood brightener.
Entities and attributes: brightener | wood brightener (location), wood (brightness | appearance), paintbrush (cleanness | moisture), bottle (volume,weight), 
Step: Apply an oil based sealer.
Entities and attributes: sealer (location), wood (sealing,moisture), paintbrush (cleanness | moisture), bottle (volume), 

A person's goal is to make beer bratwursts.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cook the sausages in a large skillet over medium heat until thoroughly done.
Entities and attributes: sausage | sausages (temperature,texture,color,location,treatment), bratwursts | brats (temperature), skillet (cleanness,temperature,storage,content), fire (power), stove (temperature,electric conductivity), 
Step: Use the rest of the olive oil and cook the onion rings in the same skillet.
Entities and attributes: onions | onion rings | onion (taste | temperature,texture,treatment,temperature,storage | location), skillet (cleanness,weight), oil (location,temperature,cleanness), 
Step: Re-add the sausages to the skillet.
Entities and attributes: sausage | sausages (temperature,location), skillet (weight), fan (power), olive oil (sound), plate (content), 
Step: Serve the bratwursts in large hot dog buns with the onions as toppings.
Entities and attributes: sausage | sausages (location), bratwursts | brats (location), onions | onion rings | onion (location | position), skillet (content), mustard sauce (usage), hot dog buns (container), buns (volume), plate (weight), 

A person's goal is to remove candle wax from delicate surfaces.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a piece of strong cardboard to size.
Entities and attributes: cardboard (size | shape), scissors (location), cardboard cutter (location), 
Step: Scrape the piece of strong cardboard.
Entities and attributes: cardboard (size | shape,cleanness,location,texture), person (orientation), spoon (cleanness | texture), 
Step: Dip a cloth in eucalyptus oil.
Entities and attributes: eucalyptus oil bottle | eucalyptus oil (lococation | location), wash cloth (cleanness,orientation,location), cloth (wetness), spoon (appearance), 
Step: Wash silverware following this treatment.
Entities and attributes: kitchen sink (volume), silverware (cleanness,moisture), dish soap (location,composition), water (location), 

A person's goal is to defeat venom on spiderman 3 (360, ps3, pc).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Complete the first Venom and Sandman duel, after which you face Venom again.
Entities and attributes: duel (completion), player (knowledge), character (action), 
Step: Go on and start destroying more boxes.
Entities and attributes: boxes (shape), 
Step: Once you whittle his health down, Venom will lunge at you, starting a cut scene.
Entities and attributes: venom's health (position,amount), character (action), 
Step: Fight back.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make chocolate marshmallow frosting.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a mixing bowl and add the marshmallow cream, 2/3 of the sugar, unsweetened chocolate, shortening, and 1/2 of the half & half.
Entities and attributes: chocolate | unsweetened chocolate (location), sugar (location), mixture | ingredients (location,composition), shortening (location), half & half | half& half (location), marshmallow cream (location), half and half (location), mixing bowl (location,container,cleanness), bowl (volume), 
Step: Use an electric mixer and mix thoroughly until the texture is smooth.
Entities and attributes: electric mixture (power,cleanness,location), mixture | ingredients (texture,composition,organization), mixer (electric conductivity | power,power,cleanness,moisture,texture), 
Step: Add the rest of the sugar and half & half alternatively until you get the desired and right sweetness to your taste.
Entities and attributes: sugar (location,moisture), mixture | ingredients (taste), half & half | half& half (location), half and half (location), bowl (volume), 
Step: Serve!
Entities and attributes: frosting | cupcakes (location,hardness), mixture | ingredients (location,wholeness), plate (location), 

A person's goal is to shorten and hem curtains.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: With your curtains hung in place, measure the required drop.
Entities and attributes: curtains | curtain (location | shape,color | knowledge,organization), skin oils | skin oil (location), measuring tape (location,shape,temperature), person's hands (location), 
Step: Take down the curtains and unpick the stitches that join the lining to the curtain, going sufficiently high to allow you to work on the two new hems.
Entities and attributes: curtains | curtain (length,orientation,location | shape), lining (shape), scissors (location,temperature), stitches (shape | organization,length), stiches (tightness), 
Step: Unpick the curtain hem, and trim excess fabric, allowing for the need to create a double hem if necessary.
Entities and attributes: curtains | curtain (length,size,weight), excess fabric (location), scissors (location,temperature), hands (location), curtain hem (tightness), fabric (shape), 
Step: Complete the curtains.
Entities and attributes: curtains | curtain (length,location | shape,temperature), skin oils | skin oil (location), bacteria (location), hands (location), 

A person's goal is to sew a friendship star quilt block.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose 2 fabrics, a background plus a complimentary fabric for the star.
Entities and attributes: quilt fabrics for the background | quilt fabrics for the star (step | choice), fabrics (knowledge), 
Step: The finished size of the block should be easily divisible by 3 to the nearest 1⁄4 inch (0.6 cm).
Entities and attributes: fabric blocks (size,shape), block (completion), scissors (step), 
Step: To make a half square triangle unit using the square method, start by adding a 7/8 inch (12 divided by 3 plus 7/8 = 4-7/8) seam allowance to the finished unit size.
Entities and attributes: half square triangle (step), seam allowance (size | availability), 
Step: Layout squares and half square triangles in 3 rows by 3 columns as shown.
Entities and attributes: rows and columns (step), squares | half square triangles (organization), 

A person's goal is to make tropical fruit salsa.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare and measure all ingredients.
Entities and attributes: pineapple | mango (form | completeness,ownership), spoon | bowl | mixture (volume,contents), green onion (cleanness), cucumber (location,cleanness,completeness), scallion (completeness), fruit bowl | bowl (location), banana (location,form), knife | cutting board (location), ingredients (availability | amount), grapes (ownership), measuring cup (location), 
Step: Mix everything thoroughly in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: everything (cohesiveness), spoon | bowl | mixture (cleanness,location,cleanness,wetness,container), banana slices (location), green onion (location), fruit bowl | bowl (weight), knife | cutting board (cleanness), ingredients (composition), chopped fruit (location,composition), serving spoon (location), fruit (composition), 
Step: Cover securely with plastic wrap.
Entities and attributes: plastic wrap | plastic (location), spoon | bowl | mixture (exposure,exposure), plastic wrap roll (length), ingredients (stability,clarity), hands (pressure), person (action), 
Step: Let chill in the refrigerator and serve as soon as possible.
Entities and attributes: plastic wrap | plastic (temperature), spoon | bowl | mixture (temperature), fruit bowl | bowl (location), flavor (taste), recipe (knowledge), salad (temperature,location), ingredients (texture,temperature), individual bowls (loation,cleanness), refrigerator (container), mixed fruit (temperature), fruit salad (location), 

A person's goal is to make fertilizer from banana peels.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place a tray in the oven and lay banana peels on it.
Entities and attributes: banana peels | phosphorus (location,moisture,temperature,weight), oven | tray (temperature,container | volume,container | emptiness,location,electric conductivity), 
Step: Leave the tray with the banana peels in the oven when you cook other food.
Entities and attributes: peels (temperatre), banana peels | phosphorus (moisture,temperature,electric conductivity), oven | tray (temperature,power), food (location), 
Step: After the banana peels are cool, break them up and store them in an airtight container.
Entities and attributes: peels (color,length), banana peels | phosphorus (location,consistency | size | shape,container,temperature), container (cleanness,weight,volume | emptiness,sealing), 
Step: Use as a fertilizer.
Entities and attributes: peels (location), banana peels | phosphorus (location,utilization), container (volume | emptiness,sealing), potassium (location), 

A person's goal is to make a simple shape card.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take a piece of colored paper.
Entities and attributes: the colored paper (location), the paper | paper (shape,length), you (weight), 
Step: Using a pencil, draw half of a symmetrical design on the folded side of the paper.
Entities and attributes: the pencil (location), the paper | paper (shape,appearance =), hands (volume), 
Step: Grab a pair of scissors and cut along the lines you drew.
Entities and attributes: the scissors (location), the paper | paper (shape,weight,width), scissors (openness), lines (shape), 
Step: Accessorize it!
Entities and attributes: the cutout (decoration), the paper | paper (weight,color,shape,step), 

A person's goal is to remove detergent residue from clothes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the clothes into the washing machine.
Entities and attributes: clothes | washer (location,shape,cleanness,moisture), washing machine (volume,orientation,power,electric conductivity), the washing machine (weight), detergent | water (location), the clothes (location), 
Step: Add 1/2 a cup of washing soda to the machine.
Entities and attributes: washing soda | the washing soda | the soda (location), laundry (moisture), washing machine (volume), the cup | the machine (weight,wetness,cleanness), measuring cup (cleanness,volume,weight), container (volume), 
Step: Do a prewash cycle.
Entities and attributes: clothes | washer (moisture,cleanness), washer (power,speed), washing machine (volume,moisture), the cup | the machine (weight,power), the clothes (color,wetness,weight,cleanness), 
Step: Wash as usual after.
Entities and attributes: clothes | washer (cleanness), washing machine (volume,electric conductivity), the detergent container (weight), the cup | the machine (weight), detergent | water (location), you know there (knowledge), the clothes (cleanness), residue (location), stains (location), clothing (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to own your friends at super smash brothers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Practice until you become really good.
Entities and attributes: person (skill), 
Step: Save or record some of your matches.
Entities and attributes: records of some matches (step), the hard drive (capacity), 
Step: Practice with different characters until you are comfortable.
Entities and attributes: person (skill), 
Step: Accept all challengers.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a small window look bigger.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Be prepared to change the curtain rods if you already have them.
Entities and attributes: you (readiness), 
Step: Measure the window frame.
Entities and attributes: measuring tape (location), the window frame (knowledge), frame (organization), you (knowledge), 
Step: Purchase curtain rods that are wider than the window frame.
Entities and attributes: money for rods (location), rods (ownership,location), curtain rods (location,availability), the curtain rods (location), you (possession,cost), 
Step: Place the curtain rods up.
Entities and attributes: rods (location,elevation), rod brackets (fullness), curtain rods (location), the curtain rods (location), screws (location), 

A person's goal is to stain bamboo.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Treat bamboo with heat to give it a darker look like fresh coffee.
Entities and attributes: bamboo (color,temperature | cleanness,composition | shape,moisture), paintbrush (cleanness), stain (location), can (volume), 
Step: Drill holes at various spots down the length of the bamboo.
Entities and attributes: bamboo (composition | shape), sawdust (location), hole (location), drill (electric conductivity,power), 
Step: Toast the bamboo with a handheld torch.
Entities and attributes: bamboo (color,temperature | cleanness,composition | shape), gas (temperature), torch (temperature,volume,weight,power), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make mediterranean coffee.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add to your slow cooker 6 - 8 cups water, 3 Tbsp coarse ground coffee, cinnamon, cocoa, and anise, saving the sugar and orange for last.
Entities and attributes: slow cooker (fullness | container,cleanness), coffee container (fullness), coffee | cocoa (moisture,location), measuring spoon (cleanness), cinnamon (location), water (location), ingredients (location), anise (location), 
Step: Turn the slow cooker on low and set for 2 hours.
Entities and attributes: slow cooker (power,covering,temperature), coffee | cocoa (temperature), lid (location,temperature), 
Step: After 2 hours, add the sugar and a pinch of orange zest, and simmer for 30 minutes.
Entities and attributes: sugar (container | location,composition,temperature), slow cooker (weight), coffee | cocoa (taste), orange zest (location,temperature), water (temperature,color), 
Step: Pour into mugs and garnish with a twist of orange.
Entities and attributes: slow cooker (fullness | container), coffee | cocoa (location), mugs (temperature,fullness | container,moisture | wetness,cleanness), mixture | food (container | location,temperature), 

A person's goal is to clean a tapestry with bran.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put a handful of bran into a muslin bag about the size of a kitchen sponge.
Entities and attributes: muslin bag | the bran | the bag | bran | bag (location,fullness,cleanness), bran container (location), the muslin bag (weight | volume,cleanness), tapestry | bran particles (cleanness), bran | bag (location,volume), the package of bran (weight), the tapestry (location), 
Step: Put the bran-filled bag into the microwave and heat for half a minute.
Entities and attributes: muslin bag | the bran | the bag | bran | bag (location,temperature,temperature,temperature), microwave door (orientation), tapestry | bran particles (temperature), microwave (power,electric conductivity,fullness | volume,temperature), the bran-filled bag (location), the microwave (volume,temperature,weight), person (orientation), 
Step: Remove the warmed bag from the microwave.
Entities and attributes: muslin bag | the bran | the bag | bran | bag (location,temperature,temperature,temperature), microwave door (openness), tapestry | bran particles (cleanness), microwave (electric conductivity,fullness | volume,time), bran | bag (location), the microwave (temperature,weight), your hand (temperature), 
Step: Brush off any particles left on the tapestry and return it to display.
Entities and attributes: muslin bag | the bran | the bag | bran | bag (weight,volume), scrub brush (cleanness), tapestry | bran particles (cleanness,location), brush (location), the tapestry (cleanness,temperature), the display (weight), 

A person's goal is to spool knit flat web.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Begin in the same way as for round web, but after carrying the first or lower stitch over the second stitch on each post, bring the worsted back around the same post.
Entities and attributes: worsted (location), spool (fullness), yarn (location,shape), 
Step: Bring it over to the post on the opposite side and repeat.
Entities and attributes: worsted (location), hook (location), thread (location,direction), 
Step: In knitting flat webs, two stitches must always be left on the end posts, and these two are carried over the third stitch and dropped over the post in working back and forth.
Entities and attributes: two stitches | top stitches (location,direction), yarn (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: knitting (completion), knitted item (location), spool (fullness), product (completion), 

A person's goal is to make a big red gum shot.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add ice to a cocktail shaker, about halfway full.
Entities and attributes: cocktail shaker (temperature | weight,amount | volume), ice | juice (location | container), ice cube tray (volume), 
Step: Measure and pour the juice and schnapps into the shaker.
Entities and attributes: juice and schnaaps | schnapps (location), cocktail shaker (temperature | weight,amount | volume,moisture), ice | juice (location | container), bottle (volume), liquid | contents (temperature), 
Step: Tighten the lid and shake thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: cocktail (step), lid (power,tightness), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Strain the contents into a shot glass.
Entities and attributes: cocktail shaker (temperature | weight,amount | volume), cocktail (step), glass | shot glass (weight,amount | volume,cleanness,moisture), liquid | contents (temperature,container | location), 

A person's goal is to keep strong cooking smells from entering the whole house.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Fill a small bowl with vinegar.
Entities and attributes: air (smell | odor), vinegar bottle (location), bowl | vinegar (volume | location,weight,location | orientation,cleanness,moisture), bottle (volume), 
Step: ######Place the bowl next to the stove top prior to cooking.
Entities and attributes: bowl | vinegar (location | orientation,volume | location,temperature,temperature), oven | stove (power), person (orientation), 
Step: The vinegar will absorb a lot of the odors.
Entities and attributes: air (smell | odor), bowl | vinegar (volume | location,cleanness), odors (location), oven | stove (temperature), 
Step: ######Discard the vinegar after the meal has been eaten and replenish next time.
Entities and attributes: bowl | vinegar (volume | location,weight,cleanness,moisture,volume), 

A person's goal is to brew tea by decoction.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Grind or pulverize the seeds or roots just before using them.
Entities and attributes: seeds | roots | seeds/roots (location,composition,length,composition | texture,shape), cutting board (cleanness), rolling pin (cleanness), seeds/roots (shape,odor | color), pestle (distance), hand (resistance), 
Step: Add the ground seeds or roots to a saucepan of boiling water.
Entities and attributes: seeds | roots | seeds/roots (moisture | wetness,location,temperature,temperature,placement), water | pot (movement | motion | taste,temperature,odor | color,clarity,distance), stove (power), saucepan (container), pan (location,container), 
Step: Reduce the temperature of the boiling water to a simmer.
Entities and attributes: seeds | roots | seeds/roots (hydration,hydration,hardness), water | pot (temperature,movement | motion | taste,speed), flame (distance,location), knob (setting), 
Step: Pour into your favorite mug and enjoy.
Entities and attributes: seeds | roots | seeds/roots (location), water | pot (weight,location), mug | liquid (cleanness,weight,location,fullness | container,moisture), tea (location), saucepan (container), pan (volume), 

A person's goal is to make a foam netting and plastic bottle lantern.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut off the top of the bottle to the base of its neck.
Entities and attributes: the bottle | plastic bottle (weight | size,composition,length,composition,location), top of bottom | bottle (location | shape), top of the bottle (location), knife (cleanness,location), person (orientation), 
Step: Prepare the foam netting.
Entities and attributes: the foam netting | foam netting (readiness,location,ownership), 
Step: Cut the netting end.
Entities and attributes: the foam netting | foam netting (shape), the netting end | netting (composition,composition), the netting (weight,length | size), scissors (step), 
Step: Place the prepared foam netting around the plastic cylinder.
Entities and attributes: the bottle | plastic bottle (weight | size), the foam netting | foam netting (location), the netting end | netting (composition,composition), the netting (location), plastic cylinder (covering), 

A person's goal is to unlock all songs in rock band.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put Rock Band in the slot and turn it on.
Entities and attributes: rock band (location,step), slot (container), console (power), 
Step: Get on drums or guitar.
Entities and attributes: drums or guitar (step), 
Step: Pound out the following note sequence if on drums, or on guitar push the following fret buttons quickly in this order:
Entities and attributes: notes (step), 
Step: Do it again, faster, correctly, or perhaps slower, if nothing happens.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make strawberries and clotted cream ice cream.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put the strawberries and icing sugar into a food processor bowl.
Entities and attributes: strawberries and sugar (composition), processor (container), strawberries | icing sugar (location), icing sugar (location), bowl | food processor (cleanness,container), 
Step: Pour in the lemon juice and add the clotted cream.
Entities and attributes: lemon juice and cream | clotted cream (composition | location), strawberries | icing sugar (wetness), cream (odor), bowl | food processor (weight,wetness,wetness), lemon juice (location,state of juice), 
Step: Use an ice cream machine to churn the mixture together.
Entities and attributes: lemon juice and cream | clotted cream (composition), ice cream mixer (mixture), strawberries | icing sugar (composition,composition), ice cream machine (power,cleanness,emptiness), lemon juice (composition), ingredients | mix (composition,temperature,speed), 
Step: Remove the ice cream 15 minutes before serving.
Entities and attributes: ice cream machine (power,volume), ice cream (location | ice cream location,size), 

A person's goal is to stop mildew growing on terracotta pots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix the glue, water and clove oil together.
Entities and attributes: the bottle of clove oil (weight), the bottle of glue (weight), pots | the pots | the pot | pot | mixture (cleanness | wetness), the clove oil (location), glue | the glue (container | location,composition), the bowl | bowl (weight,wetness), water (location,composition), clove oil (composition,location), mildew (viability), glud (location), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Paint the mixture over your terracotta pots.
Entities and attributes: the brush | paintbrush (cleanness,wetness | moisture,weight), the container of mixture (weight), pots | the pots | the pot | pot | mixture (cleanness | wetness,weight,moisture,texture), mixture (location), terracotta pots (wetness), mildew (moisture), 
Step: Allow to dry in sunshine.
Entities and attributes: the brush | paintbrush (cleanness), pots | the pots | the pot | pot | mixture (cleanness | wetness,temperature,location,lighting,moisture), the bowl | bowl (volume), mildew (viability), 
Step: Wash the paintbrush and bowl for next time.
Entities and attributes: the brush | paintbrush (cleanness,wetness | moisture), the brush handle (wetness), brush and bowl (cleanness), the mixture (location), the water (location), the bowl | bowl (cleanness,wetness,moisture), water (location), mixture residue (location), soap (location), 

A person's goal is to make a mountain fold (origami).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the origami paper on a flat surface.
Entities and attributes: paper | flat surface (location,container | shape), 
Step: Place your thumbs and fingers at the ends of the crease you intend to make.
Entities and attributes: paper | flat surface (paper), thumbs | fingers (location), hands (orientation), 
Step: Smooth the crease that has been made.
Entities and attributes: the crease | crease (texture | smoothness), paper | flat surface (container | shape), 
Step: Finished.######//<!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make strawberry custard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove the stalks from the fresh strawberries.
Entities and attributes: strawberries | stawberries | stalks (location,shape), strawberries and stalks (form), 
Step: Place the strawberries in a glass dish and scatter over the sugar.
Entities and attributes: strawberries | stawberries | stalks (taste,location,shape,placement), sugar (location), glass dish (container), 
Step: Prepare the custard and while still hot, pour carefully over the fruit.
Entities and attributes: strawberries | stawberries | stalks (moisture | wetness,temperature), strawberry custard dish | custard (readiness,location), bowl (weight), pan (size), fruit (taste), 
Step: Set aside to cool, and just before serving (which must not be until the custard has become quite cold), garnish the top with a few fine strawberries.
Entities and attributes: strawberries and custard (temperatre), strawberry custard dish | custard (temperature,step), dessert (temperature,taste), 

A person's goal is to merchant using a price manipulation in runescape.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Join a merchanting clan.
Entities and attributes: merchanting clan (step), 
Step: Ask people in the clan what to merchant.
Entities and attributes: the people in the clan (step), character (volume), 
Step: Buy large quantities of the designated item.
Entities and attributes: designated item (availability), character (ownership), 
Step: Watch the Grand Exchange graph carefully (can be found on the RuneScape website), and sell before the item is dumped and the price goes down!
Entities and attributes: designated item was what it (cost), designated item (availability), grand exchange (action), price (value), graph (amount), items (ownership), 

A person's goal is to prolong the life of curtains.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Washing helps to remove the build-up of dust, removes insects that could be damaging the fabric and removes mildew growth.
Entities and attributes: dust | insects (location), curtains (moisture | mmoisture,cleanness), dry clean only curtains (location), washer safe curtains (location), washer (power,moisture,electric conductivity), mildew (location), 
Step: Switch the curtains around after washing.
Entities and attributes: curtains (orientation,moisture | mmoisture,placement | location,cleanness), curtain rod (fullness,weight), dryer (fullness), 
Step: Fix tears and rips immediately.
Entities and attributes: thread | needle (location,threaded or not,sharpness), holes (openness), tears (location), curtain (damage status), spool (weight), person (action), seam (location), 
Step: Buy quality to begin with.
Entities and attributes: curtains (orientation,packaging), curtain rod (fullness,weight), packaging (composition), curtain (coverage,ownership), person (location,action), 

A person's goal is to type colored text in minecraft chat (works with command blocks).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the Command Block.
Entities and attributes: the command block (step), command block (step,location), empty space (container), 
Step: Open the Command Block.
Entities and attributes: command block (step), 
Step: After setting this command, the command block must be powered.
Entities and attributes: command block (step,strength,power), command (step), 
Step: Press the button.
Entities and attributes: the button (step), 

A person's goal is to make okayu (rice porridge).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wash the rice by putting it in a strainer.
Entities and attributes: strainer (cleanness,moisture,volume), rice (wetness | moisture,cleanliness | cleanness), water (location,power), cup (cleanness), hands (moisture), 
Step: Add the water and rice in a small saucepan and turn on medium heat.
Entities and attributes: rice (location,temperature,cooked or not), saucepan | stove (wetness | moisture,weight,fullness,temperature,container), water (location,temperature), 
Step: Let simmer for 30 minutes.
Entities and attributes: rice (texture,cooked or not,temperature,size), pot (weight), water (location,motion,clarity,temperature), air (clarity), mixture (thickness), 
Step: Enjoy.
Entities and attributes: serving bowl | spoon (cleanness,weight,temperature,moisture), rice (location), saucepan | stove (weight), 

A person's goal is to paint close to carpet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean the wall or trim thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: wall | paintbrush | can of paint (cleanness), wash cloth (dryness | cleanness), trim (cleanness), scrub brush (cleanness,dryness), soap (location), bowl (volume), 
Step: Cover the entire floor with a plastic tarp.
Entities and attributes: plastic (location,orientation), tarp (ownership), plastic tarp (shape), floor (composition), person (orientation), 
Step: Apply wide masking tape to the carpet against the baseboard.
Entities and attributes: tape | masking tape (length,location,ownership), carpet (location), 
Step: Paint the wall.##################Dip a small, clean paintbrush into your paint about halfway.######Remove the excess paint by wiping it on a paint tray.
Entities and attributes: wall | paintbrush | can of paint (cleanness,ownership,color), paint tray (ownership,cleanness), brush (wetness), 

A person's goal is to anchor your knitting yarn.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Put the knitting wool into a clean paper bag.
Entities and attributes: bag | bag top (shape | pressure,container), knitting wool (location), wool (location), 
Step: ######Feed the thread out through the top of the bag.
Entities and attributes: yarn | thread (orientation | location,shape), wool (shape), 
Step: ######Scrunch the mouth of the bag together and place a rubber band over it.
Entities and attributes: bag | bag top (orientation,shape | pressure), mouth of bag (shape), rubberband (location), 
Step: Knit away.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to keep ants off peonies.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Apply an insecticide to the peonies.
Entities and attributes: insecticide bottle (weight,fullness), peonies (wetness | moisture,covering), insecticide (location), ants (location), plants (moisture,protection,tastee), anst (viability), 
Step: Dip the peony flowers in water before handling or displaying.
Entities and attributes: peonies (wetness | moisture,location), peony flowers (wetness | cleanness), insecticide (location), basin | bowl (moisture,fullness,cleanness,volume,moisture), flowers (cleanness,moisture), water (cleanness,composition), 
Step: Prevent the ants from climbing the plant's stem using a homemade ant trap.
Entities and attributes: peony stem (width), trap (location), flower stem (covering), flower (protection,weight), 
Step: Complement your peony plantings with ant-repellant plants.
Entities and attributes: plants (cost), 

A person's goal is to get zapdos in mystery dungeon blue.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Beat Rayquaza and finish the game.
Entities and attributes: game | maze | the maze (completion), 
Step: Go to Mount Thunder.
Entities and attributes: game characters | character (location), you (location), 
Step: Finish the maze and save.
Entities and attributes: game | maze | the maze (completion), game characters | character (action), 
Step: When you face him, he won't join your team at the first battle.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a ginger and fred (non alcoholic drink).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour the juices into a single container with a lid.
Entities and attributes: juice | juices (location), juice container (location), container (cleanness,location,container,weight,wetness), lid (power), 
Step: Shake the juices together.
Entities and attributes: juice | juices (composition), container (location), drink | drinks (composition), 
Step: Pour into glasses and top with the choice of ginger beverage.
Entities and attributes: juice | juices (location), ginger beverage (location,temperature), container (container), drink | drinks (location), cups | glasses (volume | container,wetness | cleanness,location), 
Step: Serve in tall glasses.
Entities and attributes: drink | drinks (location,volume), glass (location), 

A person's goal is to prepare sea lettuce.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look for the sea lettuce.
Entities and attributes: sea lettuce (location | knowledge), person (location), 
Step: Wash the sea lettuce well.
Entities and attributes: sea lettuce (cleanness | wetness,cooked | temperature), sink (wetness), water (location,power), hands (wetness), 
Step: Sea lettuce can be eaten without cooking.
Entities and attributes: chopping board | knife (wetness,cleanness,cleanness), sea lettuce (wholeness), 
Step: Cook the sea lettuce.
Entities and attributes: sea lettuce (location | knowledge,cooked | temperature), pan (temperature), 

A person's goal is to keep flannelette sheets free of fluff.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the flannelette sheets in the washing machine.
Entities and attributes: sheets | laundry | the sheets (cleanness,location,shape,moisture), the washing machine (weight,volume), the basket (weight,volume,location), washing machine (volume,electric conductivity), 
Step: Add a little salt and a little vinegar to the washing machine.
Entities and attributes: the bottle of vinegar (weight), the container of salt (weight), sheets | laundry | the sheets (moisture,odor), the washing machine (weight,wetness), salt and vinegar | vinegar (location,composition), the vinegar (location), the salt | salt (location), washing machine (volume,electric conductivity,moisture), water (odor), 
Step: The salt and vinegar wash should help to remove all traces of fluff.
Entities and attributes: sheets | laundry | the sheets (cleanness,wetness,weight,cleanness,texture), the washing machine (weight,volume,power), salt and vinegar | vinegar (location), fluff (location), the salt | salt (location), washing machine (power), 
Step: Dry as usual.
Entities and attributes: sheets | laundry | the sheets (location,cleanness,moisture,weight,temperature), the washing machine (weight), the dryer (weight,volume), washing machine (volume), 

A person's goal is to work basket stitch on linen.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Insert the needle from right.
Entities and attributes: pointy end of needle (direction), the linen | the spool of thread | the line (weight), the needle | needle (location,placement), the thread (location), there (volume), thread (location), 
Step: Move downwards from left to right and over, from 6 to 8 threads.
Entities and attributes: the linen | the spool of thread | the line (weight,color), the needle | needle (location,movement), the thread (shape), 
Step: Push it under the fabric canvas in an upward direction.
Entities and attributes: the linen | the spool of thread | the line (weight,volume,color), the needle | needle (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: the linen | the spool of thread | the line (weight,volume,color), the needle | needle (location), 

A person's goal is to make a red berry pie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix the sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: sugar and cornstarch (location | container), saucepan | stove eye (container), the saucepan | the sauce pan (weight,cleanness), the container of cornstarch (weight), cornstarch (composition,location), the container of sugar (weight,volume), sugar (location,composition), the sugar (composition), ingredients (step), 
Step: Bring the mixture to boil on medium heat.
Entities and attributes: mixture | the mixture (temperature,density), stove | the stove/cooking device (power,temperature), saucepan | stove eye (temperature,volume), the ingredients (composition), the pan (temperature), 
Step: Stir this until entirely dissolved into the mix.
Entities and attributes: mixture | the mixture (step,composition,color,composition), cornstarch (form), the stirring utensil (temperature,cleanness,weight,location), sugar (form), 
Step: Fill the crust with the mixture.
Entities and attributes: mixture | the mixture (location), pie crust | crust (volume,container | wetness), saucepan | stove eye (container), the saucepan | the sauce pan (weight,volume,temperature), the pie pan (weight,volume), the crust (wetness), 

A person's goal is to grow an orchard in animal crossing wild world.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, find a place in your town that is suitable for you to plant trees.
Entities and attributes: suitable place for tree planting (knowledge), you (location), 
Step: Collect at least 5 of each fruit.
Entities and attributes: 5 of each fruit (step), fruit | trees | tree (size,location,availability), basket (volume), person (action), 
Step: Bury your fruit in the ground, then water it.
Entities and attributes: fruit | trees | tree (location), ground (wetness | shape,moisture,composition,container), water (location), basket (volume), watering can (volume), person (action), 
Step: Once the trees are grown, shake the tree & pick up the fruit.
Entities and attributes: fruit | trees | tree (size,location,growth,movement,availability), ground (wetness | shape), person (action), 

A person's goal is to master guitar hero.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Try some songs like: Shout at the Devil, Surrender, or Woman.
Entities and attributes: some songs (step), tv (power), video game disk (location), game console (power), guitar (orientation), you (knowledge), 
Step: Play the same songs over and over again and you will eventually get the guts to try the song on a harder level.
Entities and attributes: harder level (step), some songs (repetition), music (power,knowledge), you (knowledge), person (mobility), 
Step: Get used to the button change!
Entities and attributes: button change (knowledge), you (knowledge), buttons (speed), person (knowledge), 
Step: Don't give up.
Entities and attributes: don't give up until while your 1st real gig is (step), person (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to improve the taste of cooked cauliflower.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Boil the water for your cauliflower.
Entities and attributes: boiler (ingredients,weight), water (temperature | temperatue,density), stove (power), 
Step: Avoid boiling for too long.
Entities and attributes: cauliflower (texture), milk (location), 
Step: You will discover that the milk and the parsley make the cauliflower extra delicious for very little extra effort.
Entities and attributes: cauliflower (taste), bowl (placemment), 
Step: Garnish with additional parsley flakes if wished.
Entities and attributes: additional parsley (location), parsley (location), cauliflower (taste), cauiiflower (color), bowl (weight), 

A person's goal is to prepare for a home improvement project.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Familiarize yourself with the tasks required by the project.
Entities and attributes: projects (organization), person | tasks (knowledge), 
Step: Assemble the tools and supplies needed for the project.
Entities and attributes: supplies (location | ownership,organization,availability), tools (organization | availability), 
Step: Clean and arrange your workspace before beginning the work.
Entities and attributes: workshop | workspace (cleanness,organization), 
Step: Begin the home repair work.
Entities and attributes: home repair work (organization), 

A person's goal is to master fighter jets in battlefield 1942 desert combat.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure your PC is fit enough to run the game on at least medium settings without noticeable lag or delayed FPS.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), pc (verification,electric conductivity), 
Step: Have prior knowledge of basic aviation science.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: It may be tempting at times, but try to keep chatter to a minimum while flying.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Practice, practice, practice!
Entities and attributes: pilot (knowledge), person (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a lemon frappe.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine lemonade concentrate, water, sherbet or ice cream in container of electric blender.
Entities and attributes: concentrate (location,moisture), blender | dry ingredients (moisture,fullness | container,wetness), packet of concentrate (openness), lemonade (location), container (location,volume), lemonade concentrate (location), water (location), ice cream (location), spoon (location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Cover and blend until smooth.
Entities and attributes: blender | dry ingredients (power,coverage), mixture (texture | granularity), blades (motion), motor (temperature), ice cream (texture), blender contents (shape), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Pour into a serving pitcher and add ginger ale.
Entities and attributes: blender | dry ingredients (weight,fullness | container,coverage), pitcher | serving pitcher (temperature,fullness | container,cleanness,location,volume), mixture (location,composition), drink (location), ginger ale (location), 
Step: Enjoy!
Entities and attributes: pitcher | serving pitcher (volume), knife | cutting board (cleanness,texture), lemonade frapp (temperature), lemon frapp (location), lemon (composition), cup (cleanness,volume,location), glass (fullness,decoration), 

A person's goal is to find the weight of an object without a scale.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Figure out the volume of the object.
Entities and attributes: measuring tape (location), volume | mass (knowledge), person (knowledge), 
Step: Use the formula mass equals density times volume.
Entities and attributes: volume | mass (knowledge), measurements (knowledge), calculator | notebook (location), pencil (location), 
Step: Figure out the object's acceleration.
Entities and attributes: acceleration (knowledge), person (knowledge), 
Step: Then, through the force exerted, you should be able to figure out the mass by dividing the acceleration by the force exerted (by Newton's second law:
Entities and attributes: volume | mass (knowledge), person (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to simulate a fair coin toss with a biased coin.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: A biased coin might give a sequence like HHTHTHHHHHHSHHTTHTHTHHHH (generated on the assumption that heads are twice a probably as tails)############
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 
Step: Split this into pairs HH TH TH HH HH HS HH TT HT HT HH HH.
Entities and attributes: sequence (form), slashes on the paper (marks), 
Step: Void anything other than HT or TH leaving only TH TH HT HT.
Entities and attributes: sequence (length), 4 pair of letters (step), voids (step), there (elimination), 
Step: Pick the first of each pair, for TTHH.
Entities and attributes: sequence (length), the first pair of letters (step), 

A person's goal is to prepare celeriac.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: When choosing celeriac, look for smaller bulbs in the store.
Entities and attributes: celeriac | small celeriac | celeriac bulb | the celeriac (location,contact,knowledge,knowledge,ownership), more celeriac (quantity), you (knowledge,location), 
Step: Remove the skin before use.
Entities and attributes: celeriac | small celeriac | celeriac bulb | the celeriac (location,wetness | moisture,weight,composition), celeriac skin (attachment | location,weight), the inner celeriac (exposure), the skin (location), you (location,possession), cutting board | knife (moisture,cleanness | clean,moisture), skin (organization), 
Step: Immerse the cut celeriac immediately in a bowl of water which has had some lemon juice added to it.
Entities and attributes: celeriac | small celeriac | celeriac bulb | the celeriac (location,wetness | moisture,composition,altitude,acidity), counter (fullness), the cut celeriac (wetness,location), the lemon juice (location), lemon juice (location), bowl (weight,fullness,volume), the bowl (weight,volume), the water (composition), 
Step: Cook with celeriac.
Entities and attributes: celeriac | small celeriac | celeriac bulb | the celeriac (location,doneness | taste,temperature,location,temperature), other food | the food (taste), you (activity), 

A person's goal is to clean up latex paint.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove the paint while it is still wet.
Entities and attributes: paint (location,wetness | moisture), table (cleanness), rag | cloth (cleanness | cleannes), 
Step: Use your fingernail if paint has dried.
Entities and attributes: fingernail (cleanness), paint (location,wetness | moisture), surface (texture), 
Step: Use your hose and a wire brush.
Entities and attributes: brush | brushes (moisture | cleanness), paint (wetness | moisture), table (wetness), water (location), hose (contents), 
Step: Put your brushes under running water.
Entities and attributes: brush | brushes (moisture | cleanness,wetness,cleanness | moisture), water (location,power), 

A person's goal is to make your 3ds screens smaller with a nintendo ds game.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Insert a Nintendo DS game into the 3DS game slot.
Entities and attributes: the game slot | game slot (volume | container), nintendo ds game (location), the nintendo ds (weight), game (location,organization), 
Step: Launch the DS game.
Entities and attributes: the nintendo ds (power), ds game (step), nintendo (electric conductivity), ds (power), 
Step: While the DS game is launching, hold start and select.
Entities and attributes: start and select (step), the buttons (pressure), 
Step: Enjoy the better graphics!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make oyako donburi.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Heat skillet over medium-low heat and add the vegetable oil.
Entities and attributes: cutting board (cleanness), vegetable oil bottle (location), chicken (location), onion (composition), skillet | stove (cleanness,temperature | temperatre,power,location,electric conductivity), vegetable oil (location), oil (location,temperature), knife (moisture), 
Step: Mix together the dashi, sake, soy sauce, mirin, chili sauce, salt, sugar and water and pour over the chicken and onions.
Entities and attributes: cutting board (location), soy sauce (temperature), onion (size), skillet | stove (weight,fullness), ingredients (location,composition), salt (moisture), measuring cup (moisture), knife (cleanness,location), sugar (moisture), meat (texture), 
Step: Drizzle the beaten eggs over the mixture.
Entities and attributes: eggshells | eggs (composition,container | location,temperature,composition,composition), whisk (cleanness), ingredients (organization), beaten egg (location), egg shells (location), bowl (cleanness), 
Step: Serve over rice.
Entities and attributes: serving bowl (cleanness,weight,fullness), eggshells | eggs (form), rice (taste | location,texture | hardness), chicken (location), skillet | stove (weight,fullness,volume), donburi (location), fork (location), plate (volume), 

A person's goal is to care for a carnivorous plant.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: When you buy your plant, it may be in a small container with a dome cover.
Entities and attributes: you (color,possession), the plant (location,cost), plant (cost), 
Step: Prepare your plant's container and soil.
Entities and attributes: the potting mixture | the container | the mixture | container (weight,cleanness,readiness,volume), your hands/gloves (cleanness), the soil | soil (readiness), 
Step: Use a spray bottle and wet the top of the potting mixture well.
Entities and attributes: the potting mixture | the container | the mixture | container (weight,wetness,weight,wetness), the spray bottle (weight,volume), potting mixture (wetness), spray bottle | the bottle (weight,volume), water (location), 
Step: Light is very important.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), area (brightness), 

A person's goal is to make hot carob.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Heat the milk and water to near boiling.
Entities and attributes: the milk | milk (location,temperature), small sauce pan with milk and water (location), water | the water (location,temperature), the pot | pot (temperature,weight,cleanness,wetness | moisture), carob (moisture), small sauce pan (container,content), water and milk (temperature), pot (location,volume), stove (power), 
Step: Blend a small amount of hot water with the carob powder in a small bowl or cup.
Entities and attributes: the cup or bowl (wetness | cleanness,temperature,weight), the carob powder | carob powder (location,wetness | moisture,temperature), the hot water (location), water | the water (location,cohesiveness), hot water and carob powder (taste), cup or small bowl (location), bowl (weight,volume,moisture), sauce pan (location), hot water (location), 
Step: Sprinkle with nutmeg.
Entities and attributes: the cup or bowl (weight), the taste of the drink (taste), the nutmeg (location,wetness,temperature), mixture (location), nutmeg | the mixture (moisture,composition | location), carob (taste), bowl (cleanness,moisture), nutmeg bottle (location), pot (contents), cup (contents), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to use denture tablets for cleaning.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean diamonds and glass beads.
Entities and attributes: diamonds | beads (wetness | cleanness,color,appearance), diamonds/beads | beads (cleanness,moisture,clarity), denture tablet (shape), stains (location), 
Step: Clean your teapot with a denture tablet.
Entities and attributes: teapot (cleanness | moisture), tablets (moisture), denture tablet (size,shape), water (location,movement), stains (location), 
Step: A denture tablet is the lazy cleaner's way to avoid cleaning the toilet.
Entities and attributes: toilet bowl | toilet (cleanness,color), tablet (form), tablets (moisture), water (movement), stains (location), 
Step: Clean stainless steel jewellery and watchbands.
Entities and attributes: watchbands | watchband | jewelry (cleanness,appearance), tablets (moisture), jewelry (wetness,cleanness), denture tablet (shape), 

A person's goal is to spool knit a doll&#x27;s collar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Measure the doll’s neck for collar.
Entities and attributes: the dolls neck | neck (knowledge,organization), measuring tape (shape), tape (length), 
Step: Gradually widen each row in the back.
Entities and attributes: the rows | back rows | rows (width | shape | size), row (width), 
Step: Bring the third row of web down in front to form the tabs; then up to the back of the little collar and finish the back, bringing the last row down in front into the tabs.
Entities and attributes: the rows | back rows | rows (composition), third row (location), last row (location), yarn (shape), 
Step: Add a button loop and button.
Entities and attributes: the collar (weight), the button | button loop (location), button (organization,location), 

A person's goal is to make carrot cake mix in a jar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Thoroughly clean out a 1 US-quart (950 ml) wide mouth canning jar.
Entities and attributes: jar | canning jar | lid (cleanness,moisture | wetness), glass of jar (transparency), drying cloth (wetness), dirt | air (location), water (location,power), soap (location), sink (wetness), hands (wetness), 
Step: Be sure to follow the list from top to bottom; starting the layers with the sugar first and chopped pecans last.
Entities and attributes: jar | canning jar | lid (fullness,volume,smell), ingredients (location,organization,orientation), pecans (location,size), sugar (location), 
Step: Place the lid and firmly tighten it.
Entities and attributes: jar | canning jar | lid (orientation | location,openness), dirt | air (location), 
Step: Attach a decorative tag to the jar.
Entities and attributes: jar | canning jar | lid (complexity | color,organization), tag (location,attachment), rope (location,length), ink (location), 

A person's goal is to prepare children for learning snowboarding.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Do not allow any child under 7 to snowboard.
Entities and attributes: children's desire to snowboard | explaining snowboards to children (location | knowledge), snowboards (location), children's age (age), 
Step: Get your child kitted out in protective gear.
Entities and attributes: ski gloves | ski jacket (availability), florescent vest (availability), long underwear (availability), goggles (availability), child (knowledge,dressing), kneepads (location), helmet (location,availability), jacket (location), 
Step: Talk to your child about the potential problems that might be encountered:
Entities and attributes: snowboarding safety rules (knowledge), knowledge of how to fall (availability), snowboarding companions (availability), types of warning signs (knowledge), how to put on helmet (knowledge), child (knowledge,encountering problems), 
Step: Find suitable instruction for your child.
Entities and attributes: snowboard lessons (skill), removing board (skill), riding stances (skill), practice (skill), child (location,instruction,knowledge), 
Step: Do not use hills that exceed your child's beginner ability.
Entities and attributes: slopes (density), child (selecting hills), snow (texture), 

A person's goal is to find fifa world cup soccer match schedules for south africa 2010.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to the FIFA World Cup Soccer 2010 website.
Entities and attributes: computer | monitor (power state,status,availability), address bar (text state), fifa url | definition of fifa (knowledge), internet connection (availability), browser (software status), 
Step: Navigate to the page detailing all the soccer matches and their times.
Entities and attributes: matches link (link status), home page (web page status), soccer match schedule page (knowledge), gmt time zone differential (knowledge), start times of matches (knowledge), soccer games (knowledge), 
Step: Scroll down the page.
Entities and attributes: current vertical location on web page (location), scroll wheel (position), scroll bar (location), vertical position on page (knowledge), page (page), 
Step: Find the games of interest to you, whether it's by country, time, or venue location.
Entities and attributes: teams of interest | games of interest (knowledge), games | game start times (knowledge), country information (knowledge), venue information (knowledge), eyes (action), 
Step: Start watching.
Entities and attributes: controller (location), interest (state of soccer game), soccer match (power), viewer (location), tv (power), game (game), 

A person's goal is to have good golf etiquette.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Do not swing your club until you  that others in your group are at a safe distance.
Entities and attributes: other golfers | previous group of golfers (distance), knowledge of golf rules (knowledge), thoughtfulness (location), other players (distance), ball (location), next player to hit (ownership), player position (knowledge), golf club (location), 
Step: Maintain a good pace.
Entities and attributes: line of golfers behind you (location), thoughtfulness (availability), speed of play (speed), 
Step: Be kind to the course.
Entities and attributes: cart location (location), cart rules (knowledge), divots (location), kindness to course (location), grass (location), 
Step: Wear proper golf attire.
Entities and attributes: plunging necklines (location), course dress code (knowledge), proper attire (dress), belt loops (location), pant cuffs (location), attire (availability), clothing color (color), clothing rules (familiarity), 
Step: Shake hands and be congratulatory at the end of the game.
Entities and attributes: clubs (location), congratulations (availability), hands (step), 

A person's goal is to get your arms in great shape.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: You can buy them, borrow them, or get a gym membership.
Entities and attributes: barbells (location | ownership,elevation), muscles (size), arms (strength,gaining arms), 
Step: Do exercises that you are comfortable with.
Entities and attributes: exercises (gaining comfort), you (motion), 
Step: Work your arms out at most three days a week.
Entities and attributes: arms (working out arms,speed), 
Step: Make sure to eat healthy.
Entities and attributes: healthy food (location), eating (eating healthy), 
Step: Sleep.
Entities and attributes: rest (amount), 

A person's goal is to perform a heel raise.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Step up on to a set of stair steps and hold onto the wall or stair railing.
Entities and attributes: comfortable footwear (location), you (orientation,connected), stair steps (distance), stairs (availability), feet (position,location,placement), chair (connection), arms (movement), 
Step: Place the balls of your feet on the step and slowly let your heels sink down.
Entities and attributes: you (location,elevation,shape), balls of feet (location), heels (position | orientation), feet (placement), muscles (movement), 
Step: Raise your heels as high as you can.
Entities and attributes: leg muscles (tension), heels (position | orientation,height), muscles (movement), weight (location), body (movement), 
Step: Go down as low as you can.
Entities and attributes: leg muscles (tension), heels (position | orientation), muscles (movement), body (movement), 
Step: Repeat at least 5 times to begin with, moving up to 10, 15, 20 over time.
Entities and attributes: calories (energy), movements (knowledge), exercise (familiarity), balance (stability), muscles (flexibility), form (form), 

A person's goal is to choose a surfboard for your dog.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start with a boogie board.
Entities and attributes: board (knowledge), boogie board (location,ownership,condition), dog (familiarity), strap for dog (availability), 
Step: Get some Dog's Nite Out Dog Surfboards.
Entities and attributes: dog's nite out board (ownership | location), dog surfboard (location | condition), dog's opinion of surfboard (knowledge), best surfboard for dog (location), dogs night out url (knowledge), dog (location), 
Step: Try moving to a longboard.
Entities and attributes: board (size), dog's opinion of longboard (knowledge), dog (length,location,stability), dog's longboard (knowledge), long board (location,condition), you (ownership), 
Step: The more curvature to the board, the easier it is for your dog balance on the wave.
Entities and attributes: board (shape), dog's opinion of curved board (knowledge), dog (location,moisture,cleanness), 
Step: Be prepared for chewing.
Entities and attributes: board (texture | condition), chewing (attitude), dog saliva (location), dog's gum (health), 

A person's goal is to convert weight disks to kettlebells.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make a tricep rope or two.
Entities and attributes: rope | other end of rope (shape | length,ownership), 
Step: Make very big knots.
Entities and attributes: rope | other end of rope (shape | length,organization | shape), 
Step: Pass the rope through the holes.
Entities and attributes: ropes and plates (location), rope and plates (composition), rope | other end of rope (location,organization | shape), hole (volume), 
Step: Make a knot just above the weights.
Entities and attributes: rope and wight (composition), rope | other end of rope (shape | length,organization | shape), one end of rope (shape), 
Step: You' re good to go.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to set up a fishing pole for bass fishing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select the right kind of rod for bass fishing.
Entities and attributes: rod for appropriate skill level | the right kind of rod (step | selection), decision of spinning or baitcasting rod (step), ability to identify a bass rod | ability to identify a bass fish (skill), possible rods to use for bass (knowledge), money for rod | money for rig (cost), rod selection (materials), body of water (location), fishing rod | desire to fish (ownership), 
Step: Pick a reel based on your skill level.
Entities and attributes: knowledge of the types of reels available (knowledge), reel for person's skill level | a reel (step | choice), money for reel (cost), reel (materials,availability,volume), skill level (knowledge), 
Step: Choose the right fishing line for bass.
Entities and attributes: decision on monofilament or fluorocarbon line (step), knowledge of  line type to match rod (knowledge), the right fishing line (choice), money for line (cost), knowledge of fishing line type needed for bass (knowledge), line | lure (availability,material), fishing line (location), 
Step: Thread the line through the ceramic guides on the pole.
Entities and attributes: confirm line amount in correct (knowledge), the line (placement), the pole (weight), ability to recognize ceramic guide (knowledge), knowledge of how to thread a line (knowledge), line | lure (location,attachment), reel (volume), ceramic guides (location), there (amount), 
Step: Tie a hook or lure at the end of the line.
Entities and attributes: money for rod | money for rig (cost), knowledge of rig types (availability), the hook (placement), worm (location), ability to tie hook or lure (skill), knowedle of proper hook for bass (knowledge), line | lure (location), whether to use hook or lure (knowledge), hook (location), pole (readness), weight (organization), 

A person's goal is to run a support group.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a place to hold the support group meetings.
Entities and attributes: place (location | knowledge), you (knowledge), permission to hold the group (availability), a meeting place (availability), a support group (availability), meeting site (location), cost (knowledge), rent (cost), 
Step: Obtain the books or resources you will need from a respected source.
Entities and attributes: resources (material | availability), books (material | availability,location | ownership), you (possession), funds for supplies (cost), trusted source (knowledge), storage space (knowledge), 
Step: Place posters around town and advertisements in the Announcements section of the local newspapers.
Entities and attributes: posters and advertisements (placement), advertisments (material), posters (material), publicity (availability), paper (color), 
Step: Don't bring in professionals to run the support group, as they often have their own agenda and may not allow the group to run on its own.
Entities and attributes: professionals (familiarity), you (knowledge), 
Step: Allow the support group members to create the rules and move the group along, don't allow yourself or another person to own or "take charge" of the group.
Entities and attributes: yourself or others (clarity), rules (clarity | knowledge), you (leadership), the group (complexity), group leader (availability), hierarchy (location), 

A person's goal is to grind a curb.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Roll up to the curb at a comfortable speed, with your knees bent, parallel to the curb.
Entities and attributes: knees (orientation | shape | knee positioning), speed (speed), skateboard (skateboard positioning), 
Step: When you get about 3 inches (7.6 cm) from the curb, ollie as high as you can, and lock your trucks on the curb.
Entities and attributes: trucks (location,trucks), ollie (ollie position), 
Step: If you were going fast enough, the momentum will push you forward on the curb.
Entities and attributes: momentum (amount,momentum speed), speed (speed), 
Step: At this point, push on the tail of your board, and turn slightly to end your grind.
Entities and attributes: tail (angle,altitude), grind (grind), tail of board (board tail), 
Step: Roll away!
Entities and attributes: roll (rolling), self (speed), 

A person's goal is to care for a hula hoop.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Hoop on grass and soft, natural surfaces as much as possible.
Entities and attributes: how to use a hula hoop (skill), hoop (motion), hula hoop (ownership), person (position), surfaces (hardness), grass (availability), 
Step: Resist the temptation to use the hoop as a jump rope, or from putting a backspin on the hoop.
Entities and attributes: hoop (cleanness), uses for hoop (complexity), hoop motion (form), 
Step: Occasionally wipe your hoops down with a washcloth and a light dose of ammonia.
Entities and attributes: cloth | washcloth (cleanness,availability,moisture), hoop (cleanness,moisture), wiping schedule (knowledge), ammonia (location), 
Step: Keep your hoops away from moisture, as some tapes (gaffer, in particular) can lose their stickiness when wet.
Entities and attributes: gaffer tape definition (knowledge), tape (location), hoop (cleanness,location), gaffer tape (ownership), 
Step: Use the hoop for hooping and hoop tricks only.
Entities and attributes: hoop tricks (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to teach the dolphin kick effectively.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Study the butterfly stroke.
Entities and attributes: you | ability to recognize butterfly stroke (knowledge), butterfly stroke (knowledge), swimming ability (availability), 
Step: The butterfly is the most challenging stroke of the four competition strokes.
Entities and attributes: other three competition strokes (knowledge), 
Step: There are many drills out there for the dolphin kick and the dolphin motion during the kick.
Entities and attributes: you | ability to recognize butterfly stroke (knowledge), dolphin kick | drills for the dolphin kick (knowledge), 
Step: Kick Drills with Integrated Pull.
Entities and attributes: drills (performance), kick (strength), definition of integrated pull (knowledge), motion in water (speed), kick drills (knowledge,skill,kick drills), 
Step: Practice and Competition.
Entities and attributes: swimming skills (skill), competitions (location), butterfly stroke (skill), butterfly stroke muscles (strength), passage through water (texture), arm stroke (strength), 

A person's goal is to remove wax from a surfboard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Soften the wax to make it easy to remove.
Entities and attributes: board | card (texture,temperature), wax (temperature,age,wax state,moving wax,hardness), was (flexibility), hair dryer (temperature,electric conductivity), 
Step: Start scraping the board with the non-serrated side of a wax comb, old credit card or any other similar implement.
Entities and attributes: board | card (texture,cleanness,scraping), wax (location | scraping wax), dirty (location), scraping (wax comb), combe (texture), comb (cleanness), 
Step: Continue scraping till all wax has been removed from the board.
Entities and attributes: board | card (cleanness,composition), wax (location | scraping wax), 
Step: Roll the wax ball over the board to pick up the remaining pieces of wax that linger in a few spots.
Entities and attributes: board | card (texture), wax (location | scraping wax,wax ball), wax pieces (wax pieces), 
Step: Re-apply wax if doing so.
Entities and attributes: board | card (texture,cleanness,composition), wax (location | scraping wax,reapplication), 

A person's goal is to harden modeling clay.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Identify the kind of clay with which you're working.
Entities and attributes: clay | oven-hardening clay | pigments/glazes | oven (clarity,marking), 
Step: Apply any pigments or glazes appropriate for painting on prior to hardening the clay.
Entities and attributes: clay | oven-hardening clay | pigments/glazes | oven (location | composition,appearance | color), glazes (hardness), glaze (location), brush (cleanness), pot (color), 
Step: Bake polymer clay and oven-hardening clay in a regular kitchen oven.
Entities and attributes: clay | oven-hardening clay | pigments/glazes | oven (texture | hardness,temperature,power,composition), kitchen oven (status), pores inside clay (openness), 
Step: Use patience when waiting for self-hardening clay to harden.
Entities and attributes: clay | oven-hardening clay | pigments/glazes | oven (texture | hardness), 
Step: Schedule time in a professional kiln to harden fine art clay.
Entities and attributes: clay | oven-hardening clay | pigments/glazes | oven (texture | hardness,location | composition,appearance | color,weight), schedule (step), appointment (status), clay pot (resistance), kiln (temperature), 

A person's goal is to improve your aim.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Look directly at the spot which you would like to hit.
Entities and attributes: object to be thrown (location), sight (step), eyes (focus,orientation), spot (spot), intended target (knowledge), target (location), object (orientation), feet (distance), 
Step: While aiming, your hand should not shake.
Entities and attributes: throwing hand (orientation), throwing arm (location), hand (stability,hand), breath (location), lungs (volume), 
Step: Throw in the intended direction.
Entities and attributes: throwing item (location), throwing arm (location), hold ({}), arm (flexibility), object (speed), fist (flexibility), knife (speed), 
Step: If you miss, try again.
Entities and attributes: repetitions (magnitude), knife (speed), 
Step: Take notes on how close you are to your intended target and try to avoid the mistakes you made the last time.
Entities and attributes: distance from target (length), target (distance,target/notes), 

A person's goal is to fumblerooski.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Have the center hike the football.
Entities and attributes: football (location | movement), 
Step: Have the QB “fumble” the ball.
Entities and attributes: football (location | movement), ball (height), 
Step: Have a guard pick up the ball.
Entities and attributes: football (location | movement), ball (location), 
Step: Have the guard run.
Entities and attributes: guard (location | speed,movement), 
Step: Block as needed.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make potato sausages.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mash the potatoes well with one of the eggs.
Entities and attributes: potatoes and egg (separateness), sausage shapes | sausages (size), mixing bowl | bowl (weight,fullness | volume,cleanness,cleanness,fullness), egg (location,wholeness), potato | potatoes (wholeness | size,form | shape), ingredients (organization), fork (cleanness), 
Step: Add seasoning and mix well.
Entities and attributes: seasoning (location,mixture), mixture | food mixture (taste), mixing bowl | bowl (fullness), potato | potatoes (taste), bowl (weight), food (seasoning), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Form the mixture into sausage shapes.
Entities and attributes: mixture | food mixture (form | shape,shape), mixing bowl | bowl (weight,fullness | volume), potato | potatoes (form | shape), plate (cleanness,weight,covering), 
Step: Roll them in egg and breadcrumbs, and fry them until brown.
Entities and attributes: breadcrumbs (location), sausage shapes | sausages (rawness,color,temperature,covering | coverage), egg (location), potato | potatoes (color), patties (temperature,moisture,color), stove (power,temperature), pan | frying pan (temperature), 
Step: Serve with steamed vegetables and rice or quinoa as an accompaniment.
Entities and attributes: vegetables and rice or quinoa (location), potato sausages (location), serving plate (weight,cleanness,fullness), potato | potatoes (location), 

A person's goal is to choose and wear a protective cup for sports.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Step into cup-jockstrap and pull elasticized leg straps up around legs, and the waist-strap firmly around waist with the hard cup at the front of your body and over your genitals.
Entities and attributes: cup | the cup (position,location), the waist-strap (tightness), waist strap | waist-strap (location), genitals | the genitalia (coverage), jockstrap (location), the legs (placement), elasticized leg straps (location), cup-jockstrap (location), leg straps | elastic (location,tension), 
Step: Insert testicles into bottom and narrower end of cup.
Entities and attributes: cup | the cup (cleanness,position,fullness), testicles (placement,location,stability), leg straps | elastic (tension), 
Step: With triangular-shaped cup, lift penis up and lay across inside top of cup.
Entities and attributes: cup | the cup (fullness), penis (position,placement | location,stability), hands (location), 
Step: The cup should obscure genitalia.
Entities and attributes: cup | the cup (location), genitalia (position | visibility), genitals | the genitalia (visibility), 
Step: Remove when finished and clean.
Entities and attributes: cup | the cup (cleanness,placement,location,fullness,wetness), waist strap | waist-strap (location), water (location), body (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to fertilize carnivorous plants.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place your carnivorous plants in soil that lacks nutrients.
Entities and attributes: plant | plants | the plant (location,location | depth,composition), the pot | potted plant (weight,volume), 
Step: Supply your plant with water that does not contain nutrients.
Entities and attributes: the container of water (volume,weight), plant | plants | the plant (moisture,wetness | moisture), the soil (wetness,weight), the pot | potted plant (volume), water (location), the container (location), 
Step: Keep the soil of your carnivorous plants damp or wet.
Entities and attributes: the glass (weight,volume,location), the soil (wetness,weight), the pot | potted plant (volume), soil (wetness | moisture), 
Step: Expose your carnivorous plants to sunlight at all times.
Entities and attributes: plant | plants | the plant (location,color,brightness), the pot | potted plant (temperature,location), 
Step: Fertilize your carnivorous plants with insects.
Entities and attributes: plant | plants | the plant (moisture,composition), the insects (location), the pot | potted plant (weight,volume), insects (location), 

A person's goal is to ride your bike to school safely.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a safe route to school.
Entities and attributes: safe route to school | safe route (direction | location), school  address | home address (knowledge), bicycle | bike (availability), route (knowledge), possible routes (knowledge), crime locations (knowledge), 
Step: Carry a mobile phone with you if you have one.
Entities and attributes: wireless coverage along selected route (knowledge), mobile phone (location,availability), wireless plan (step), 
Step: Follow all traffic laws.
Entities and attributes: bicycle | bike (motion | action), traffic laws (knowledge), 
Step: Confirm with a parent that you are riding on a bike to school.
Entities and attributes: travel time (knowledge), parent (knowledge), departure (state of time), 
Step: Ride to school following the route that you chose in the first step!
Entities and attributes: bicycle | bike (motion | action,location), i (distance), route (direction,knowledge), student | location (location), 

A person's goal is to wear master chief&#x27;s armor in halo reach.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: V MJOLNIR helmet.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: For the shoulders, you can leave them default, equip ODST, or equip MK.
Entities and attributes: shoulders (step | change,stateknee,covering,brightness,weight), armor (location), 
Step: Equip Grenadier knee guards.
Entities and attributes: knees (covering,change), armor (location,weight), 
Step: Equip the Tactical/Hardcase utility, or leave utility default.
Entities and attributes: the tactical/hardcase utility (step), tactical weapon (location), your hand (fullness), 
Step: Equip Green as your primary and secondary colors.
Entities and attributes: primary and secondary colors (step), color | the secondary color (color), 

A person's goal is to run the 300 m hurdles.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: If you are just beginning 300 meter hurdling, you might be familiar with 55 meter or 100 meter hurdling.
Entities and attributes: person | arms (familiarity,feeling), you (hurdling,running), 
Step: Attack every hurdle and stay low, keep an even distance between the hurdle and your body the whole race when going over.
Entities and attributes: hurdle (location), runner | body (speed,direction | activity,strength,location,location), legs (activity), you (hurdling,running), 
Step: Do not pull your lead leg around the hurdle, that will just slow you down.
Entities and attributes: runner | body (orientation), lead leg (position,location), person | arms (speed), you (hurdling), 
Step: Run full speed at the end and push yourself even more############
Entities and attributes: runner | body (speed), legs (location,speed), sweat (location), person | arms (speed), you (running), lungs (exertion), 
Step: If you knock a hurdle down don't hesitate.
Entities and attributes: hurdle (orientation | position,location), you (hurdling), 

A person's goal is to make candy cane vodka.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Crack the candy canes into small pieces.
Entities and attributes: candy canes | candy | candy cane (wholeness | composition,location,shape,ownership,availability), mortar and pestle (cleanness,location), mortar (weight,fullness), 
Step: Place the candy into a pint sized mason jar.
Entities and attributes: candy canes | candy | candy cane (location), mason jar (fullness | volume,weight,cleanness,contents), mortar (volume,weight,fullness), candy cane pieces (location), 
Step: Pour the vodka into the jar.
Entities and attributes: candy canes | candy | candy cane (moisture | wholeness), bottle | vodka bottle (weight,volume,fullness), candy canes and vodka (composition), jar (fullness | volume,weight,wetness), mason jar (wetness), vodka (location), 
Step: Allow the candy to dissolve.
Entities and attributes: candy canes | candy | candy cane (moisture | wholeness,visbility), candy and vodka (mixture), mason jar lid (power), vodka (color | odor), 
Step: Store the vodka.
Entities and attributes: fridge door (openness), vodka (location), 

A person's goal is to indy on a skateboard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Do an ollie but crouch down a little before ollieing.
Entities and attributes: body | the person's body (form | position), eyes (eyes), board (board), the skateboard (action,location), self (ollieing), knees (knees), person (person), 
Step: Pop the tail down for a ollie.
Entities and attributes: body | the person's body (orientation), tail (tail,area), the skateboard's tail (orientation), wheels (wheels), skateboard (skateboard), knees (knees), legs (legs), feet (feet), 
Step: Grab onto the board, holding it for a bit.
Entities and attributes: body | the person's body (form | position), board (board,solidness), front hand (front hand), back hand (back hand), wheels (wheels), the person's hand (touch), person (person), hands (board), 
Step: Keep your eyes on the landing.
Entities and attributes: eyes (eyes,movement), board (board), back hand (back hand), wheels (wheels), the person's eyes (orientation), person (person), 
Step: Land and roll away.
Entities and attributes: eyes (eyes), board (board), wheels (wheels), boar (location), the skateboard (action,location,touch), the wheels (action), 

A person's goal is to do a wheelie on a bicycle.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a gear that can comfortably and quickly accelerate the bike from a walking or jogging pace.
Entities and attributes: bike | biker (speed | motion,location), gears (orientation), a gear (possesion), 
Step: Pedal and pull back on your handlebars simultaneously.
Entities and attributes: bike | biker (distance,elevation), handlebars (power,location), pedaling | you (movement), wheel (location), weight (location), 
Step: Keep pedaling aggressively and smoothly, leaning back with your arms fully extended.
Entities and attributes: rider (incline,location), arms | your arms (orientation | position | location), pedaling | you (speed,posture), 
Step: Accelerate quicker if you find yourself having difficulties getting your front wheel off the ground############
Entities and attributes: movement (speed), pedaling | you (speed), acceleration (speed), 
Step: Pedal more slowly if you are tending to fall backward.
Entities and attributes: bike | biker (speed | motion,orientation), pedaling | you (speed), 

A person's goal is to get beeswax off a counter top or table surface.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find the area of the table or counter top where the beeswax is stuck on.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Set the iron to medium heat.
Entities and attributes: iron setting knob | iron knob (orientation), iron (temperature,power), 
Step: Iron over the stain and paper layers.
Entities and attributes: iron (orientation), paper | stain (location,temperature), beeswax (temperature), 
Step: After doing this for about 10–20 seconds, remove the iron and paper.
Entities and attributes: iron (location,orientation), paper and iron (orientation), paper | stain (location), 
Step: Finish up by wiping over with a damp cloth to catch any residual melt and dry with paper towel.
Entities and attributes: cloth | paper towel (cleanness,location,wetness), beeswax (location), spot where stain (wetness), table | counter (wetness), damp cloth (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to get golden roses on animal crossing city folk without hacking.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a Golden Watering Can by having a perfect town for 15 days.
Entities and attributes: golden watering can | gold watering can (location,availability), watering can (color), 
Step: Breed a Black Rose by planting two Red Roses right next to each other.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), red roses (location), black rose | roses (existence), 
Step: Keep the Black Rose outside until it wilts.
Entities and attributes: black rose | roses (age,existence), 
Step: Water the Black Rose using the Golden Watering Can.
Entities and attributes: golden watering can | gold watering can (availability,location), you (knowledge), water (location), black roses (composition), watering can (volume), black rose | roses (existence), soil (moisture), 
Step: The next day you should have a Golden Rose!
Entities and attributes: gold roses (location), black rose | roses (color), 

A person's goal is to nail a horizontal one turn.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: When doing the box, literally sweep tip of the baton in your underarm, very lightly.
Entities and attributes: the baton tip (psotition | position), baton (location), definition of "the box" (knowledge), baton tips (location), clothing (pressure), 
Step: Toss the baton straight up.
Entities and attributes: the baton tip (psotition | position), baton (location), non-tossing arm (orientation), palms (orientation), 
Step: When spinning, spot your spin by looking up at the baton, that way you're more likely to catch the baton and you won't get dizzy.
Entities and attributes: baton (location), the baton (movement), you (ability), dancer (movement), face (location), 
Step: Be sharp with your arms when spinning.
Entities and attributes: baton (location), non-throwing and throwing arm (location), you (focus), elbows (location), palms (location), hands (openness), 
Step: Always end with a smile.
Entities and attributes: you (expression), head (location), 

A person's goal is to hit a swing volley.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Position yourself somewhere around the T and change positions frequently (while still staying near the T) to increase your ability for multiple situations.
Entities and attributes: your position (location), body (position), situational ability (availability), position of the t (knowledge), distance from t (distance,orientation), location change (speed), position (location,distance), situation (availability), ability (skill), 
Step: When your partner feeds the ball (a mild lob or a high volley), watch the ball and get into position with your shoulders pointing toward the ball.
Entities and attributes: shoulders (position,orientation | form), your shoulders (location), your body (location), ball (location), ball speed (speed), the ball (location,ownership), eyes (focus), partner (distance), player (location,focus), 
Step: As the ball approaches, raise your non-dominant hand and point to the ball while starting your very shallow backswing, keeping the racket somewhat level with your face.
Entities and attributes: ball (location), non-dominant hand (location,altitude,form), racket (orientation | position,location,speed), swing (length), player (resistance), 
Step: Move in on the ball, keeping your feet moving and staying on the balls of your feet.
Entities and attributes: distance from ball (distance), you (location), position (speed), feet (position,motion,orientation,altitude), player (contact), legs (location), 
Step: Push through and hit the ball, watching so you make contact with it at about a foot and a half over your head.
Entities and attributes: ball (location,position | speed,direction), racket (speed,resistance), eyes (focus), arm (power), 

A person's goal is to make a chunky monkey milkshake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a blender, blend the banana, milk, and ice cream.
Entities and attributes: blender | the blender (cleanness,weight,fullness | volume,wetness,wetness), the milk container | milk carton (volume,weight,fullness), milk (location), the milk (location), banana (location,wrapping), ice cream (location,temperature), 
Step: Add the chocolate chips and syrup.
Entities and attributes: the chocolate syrup bottle (weight | volume), syrup | the chocolate syrup (location), blender | the blender (weight,fullness | volume), the chocolate chips (location), chocolate chips | chocolate chip (location,composition), syrup bottle (fullness,weight), ingredients (location), 
Step: Pour in the vanilla extract and blend once more.
Entities and attributes: the vanilla extract bottle | vanilla extract bottle | vanilla bottle (volume | fullness,weight), blender | the blender (weight,fullness | volume,power), the vanilla extract (location), vanilla extract (location), the ingredients (composition), mixture (texture,temperature), 
Step: Pour the milkshake into a tall glass.
Entities and attributes: milkshake (location), blender | the blender (weight,fullness | volume), the milkshake (location), the glass | glass (weight,temperature,volume,fullness,cleanness), drink (knowledge), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: milkshake (location,temperature), blender | the blender (cleanness), the chocolate sauce (location), straw | the straw (location,wetness), the whipped cream (location), the glass | glass (weight,volume,completion), serving tray (fullness,weight,cleanness), 

A person's goal is to do a lincoln loop on skis.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Approach your jump with enough speed to clear it while in an athletic stance.
Entities and attributes: speed (speed), i | rotation speed (speed), ability to ski | skis (skill | availability), what lincoln loop is (knowledge of knowledge), stance (orientation), skier (motion), momentum (amount), knees (shape), 
Step: Pop off the lip of the jump while driving your right shoulder down and your hips up and left, initiating the cartwheel motion.
Entities and attributes: right shoulder | my right shoulder (position | shape), skiier (location), i | rotation speed (location,altitude), body (movement), ability to ski | skis (position | location), my movement path (direction), jump lip (location), my hips (shape), hips (shape,location), 
Step: Focus on a point in the distance and tuck slightly to speed up your rotation.
Entities and attributes: i | rotation speed (speed), body (position), my eye gaze (distance), knee joints (shape), ski poles (orientation), elbows (location), 
Step: Watch the point come around and loosen up to slow your rotation.
Entities and attributes: movement (speed), i | rotation speed (speed), eye target (location), elbows (location), chin (location), 
Step: Spot your landing and stomp it.
Entities and attributes: i | rotation speed (altitude), pressure of skis on snow (pressure), ability to ski | skis (position | location), direction of movement (orientation), my eye gaze (distance), ski tips (location), knees (orientation), 

A person's goal is to get the right surfing accessories and equipment.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Surfboard bags are an absolute necessity to protect your surfboard from dings, chips, cracks, and general damage.
Entities and attributes: surfboard bag (ownership,material), surfboard (orientation | resistance,location,texture,cleanness,coverage), wax | bag (location), surfer (knowledge), 
Step: Grips are placed on the deck of your surfboard at the tail end to do exactly that.... give extra grip.
Entities and attributes: grips (composition,ownership,grips,location), surfboard (grip,composition,strength), tail end (resistance), deck (stability), 
Step: Leg-ropes come in a rage on lengths.
Entities and attributes: leg ropes (location | ownership,composition,orientation,flexibility), leg-ropes (length), 
Step: A common mistake by beginner surfers is not having enough wax on their surfboard.
Entities and attributes: surboard (surface texture), board (texture,weight,stability), wax | bag (location,availability | ownership), surfer (knowledge,skill,form), 
Step: Get soft racks.
Entities and attributes: soft rack (location | availability,ownership), racks (flexibility), 

A person's goal is to do meditation like a ninja.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Sit in the ninja-monk pose.
Entities and attributes: legs (position | pose), body (position,posture), you (sitting), person (position), 
Step: Breath in and out twice and say a short "oommm".
Entities and attributes: voice (sound | voice), oxygen (location), "oommm" (sound), lungs (volume), breath (breathing), you (breathing), 
Step: Change it the sixth time.
Entities and attributes: you (breathing), 
Step: Breath in and out twice once more and say:
Entities and attributes: oxygen (location), lungs (volume), 
Step: Say the Furube Sutra (the "shrugging off" sutra) before and after the meditation.
Entities and attributes: the furube sutra (speech), furube sutra (sound), you (completion), 

A person's goal is to teach a budgie to catch flies.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Try a bead on a string.
Entities and attributes: bead | bird (location), string (location,shape | speed), budgie (knowledge), bead and string (composition), flies (viability), 
Step: Don't expect the bird to catch a fly right away!
Entities and attributes: fly (viability), flies (viability), 
Step: When they start getting good, get a dead fly.
Entities and attributes: dead fly (location), fly (viability,location), budgie (knowledge), 
Step: Set them on a live fly.
Entities and attributes: bead | bird (location), budgie (knowledge,speed), flies (viability), 
Step: When they made a catch, give them a treat.
Entities and attributes: treat (location), budgie (knowledge,condition,reward), bug (viability), 

A person's goal is to perform the pillow squeeze (pilates).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lie on your back.
Entities and attributes: my back (distance), i (orientation), person (orientation), 
Step: Pull up your abdominal muscles.
Entities and attributes: abdominal muscles | my abdominal muscles (tension | length), abs (density), 
Step: As you exhale, draw your navel to your spine, all the while squeezing hard on the cushion between your knees, using your knees.
Entities and attributes: knees (pressure), cushion (location), thigh muscles (length), air | breath (air intake | location,location), person (hardness), 
Step: Breathe in to release.
Entities and attributes: lungs (volume), air | breath (air intake | location,location), person (pressure), 
Step: Repeat 10 to 30 times.
Entities and attributes: person (motion), 

A person's goal is to win in a sprinting race.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Train hard mentally and physically.
Entities and attributes: person's clothes (moisture), person's skin (moisture), train (training), person (activity), 
Step: Practice sportsmanship before, during, and after a race.
Entities and attributes: sportsmanship (skill | sportsmanship), 
Step: Set yourself up in a good position at the starting line so you can start ahead of the others.
Entities and attributes: person's hands (location), person (position), position (positioning), body (pose), 
Step: While running, stay focused at what's ahead of you (the remaining distance and the finish line).
Entities and attributes: running (focusing), focus (attention), body (speed), 
Step: Celebrate as you cross the finish line.
Entities and attributes: finish line (composition,finishing), person (emotion | motion,progress), finish line cross (celebration), team (composition,altitude), 

A person's goal is to make a beaded coil bracelet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clip one end, up from the coil.
Entities and attributes: coil (length,shape), end (location), 
Step: Using pliers, curl up one end of the wire at the very tip.
Entities and attributes: wire | the section of wire (shape | orientation), the pliers (location), the wire (shape), one end of wire (straightness), pliers (location), 
Step: Add beads one at a time, starting at the opposite end.
Entities and attributes: wire | the section of wire (weight,covering), the wire (weight), the beads | beads (location), 
Step: Leave a small length at the end and curl up the wire using pliers######//<![CDATA[######if(WH.video)WH.video.add(document.getElementById('mvid-9ede3229ae'));######//]]>############
Entities and attributes: wire | the section of wire (shape | orientation), 
Step: Finished.######//<!
Entities and attributes: task (completeness), 

A person's goal is to construct a zip line.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select a distance between two solid objects, Preferably the objects should be trees or other solid structures.
Entities and attributes: distance (distance), objects (knowledge), location site (orientation), location (location), 
Step: Lay the cable out between the two points.
Entities and attributes: cable | cables (length | distance,tightness,proximity,volume), points (touch,location), 
Step: Attach cable to one point.
Entities and attributes: cable | cables (organization | touch,tightness,strength,location), tree or base point (connection), end point (connection), 
Step: Attach a temporary cable clamp about 20 feet (6.1 m) from the end of the cable.
Entities and attributes: temporary cable clamp (location,pressure), cable | cables (organization,tightness), clamp (tightness,proximity), cables (pressure), clamps (location), 
Step: Determine who goes first.
Entities and attributes: order of people | order (organization), group (selection), 

A person's goal is to make graham cracker ice cream sandwiches.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take 2 graham crackers and lay them aside.
Entities and attributes: crackers (location,orientation,ownership), graham crackers (composition,location | ownership), plate (cleanness,availability), package (openness), 
Step: Take your knife and cut a box-like piece of ice cream.
Entities and attributes: ice cream | knife (composition | cleanness,location,temperature,moisture,shape), ice cream container (weight), graham crackers (moisture | taste,temperature), 
Step: Stick the ice cream piece in between the graham crackers.
Entities and attributes: ice cream | knife (composition | cleanness,location,shape), graham crackers (location | ownership,moisture | taste,texture,orientation,temperature), 
Step: Refrigerate it for at least 30 minutes.
Entities and attributes: fridge shelf space (availability), graham crackers (location | ownership,temperature), ice cream block (density), fridge shelf (weight), plate (location,temperature), graham cracker sandwich (temperature), sandwich (temperature), refrigerator (container), fridge (volume), 
Step: Take it out and enjoy!
Entities and attributes: ice cream | knife (density), graham crackers (location | ownership,moisture | taste,temperature), plate (location), sandwich (location), fridge (volume), 

A person's goal is to start the exercise habit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take a look at the main reasons that creating a regular exercise habit is so difficult:
Entities and attributes: reasons why regular exercise habits (knowledge of you was unaware), reasons (data | reasons), 
Step: Here are the four simple steps to start the exercise habit (and keep it going).
Entities and attributes: exercise habits (habits), exercise habit (exercise), you was unaware that there (knowledge), ways to keep going (data), exercise steps (data), steps (steps), 
Step: This is the key habit.
Entities and attributes: key habit | you (key habit | knowledge), 
Step: This is key.
Entities and attributes: key (key), 
Step: Add motivation as needed.
Entities and attributes: motivation (motivation), 

A person's goal is to make a citrus cleaner.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Pour the vinegar into a container for mixing.
Entities and attributes: container | vinegar bottle (cleanness,fullness,weight,openness,volume), surfaces | cloth | surface | bowl | towel (moisture,fullness), vinegar | vinegar bottle | bottle (location,weight), bottle | spray bottle (volume), mixing container (wetness), 
Step: ######Pour in the lemon or orange juice.
Entities and attributes: container | vinegar bottle (volume), cutting board | knife (cleanness,moisture,location,texture), lemon | lemon juice (composition,location,composition), vinegar | vinegar bottle | bottle (composition), orange | orange juice (location), spoon (cleanness), carton (weight,volume), ingredients (organization), 
Step: ######Pour the mixture into a spray bottle.
Entities and attributes: container | vinegar bottle (weight,volume), surfaces | cloth | surface | bowl | towel (fullness), vinegar | vinegar bottle | bottle (weight), mixture (location), bottle | spray bottle (fullness | volume,moisture,weight,cleanness), bowl | towel (weight), 
Step: ######Spray and wipe or scrub to remove the stains.
Entities and attributes: surfaces | cloth | surface | bowl | towel (cleanness,moisture,clarity), stains (color), vinegar | vinegar bottle | bottle (weight,location), mixture (location), dirty cup (cleanness), juice (location), vinegar mixture (location), person (cleanness), stain (location,moisture | wetness), 
Step: ######Wipe off with a warm cloth.
Entities and attributes: surfaces | cloth | surface | bowl | towel (cleanness,moisture,temperature | temper,moisture), mixture (location), bowl | towel (weight), vinegar mixture (location), cup (wetness), stain (location,moisture | wetness), 

A person's goal is to shop for clothing for cheer practice.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Keep your hair up.
Entities and attributes: hair | hairdo (location | flexibility,location | form), cheerleaders (availability), location (location), 
Step: Don't waste a whole lot of make-up for cheer practice.
Entities and attributes: lots of makeup (material), makeup (makeup,availability,weight), 
Step: Do NOT wear any blouse, OR regular bra.
Entities and attributes: blouses (material), breasts (stability), clothing (clothes), 
Step: Never wear jeans, jean-shorts, yoga pants, or any other material NOT made for sporting or outdoors.
Entities and attributes: jeans | jean-shorts (clothes), non-sporting clothes (clothes), yoga pants (clothes), clothing (clothes), 
Step: Wear shoes that are made for cheer, because they are majorly light-weight and comfortable.
Entities and attributes: shoes that are made for cheer (location), bad shoes (size), shoes (weight), feet (shoes), 

A person's goal is to play hooker in rugby.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start with the scrum.
Entities and attributes: understanding of rugby | definition of scrum (knowledge), definition of hooker (knowledge), player position (location), 
Step: Change your strategy if they have the ball.
Entities and attributes: the strategy (strategy), distance from your props (distance), ball position (location), ball speed (speed), 
Step: Move onto the line-outs.
Entities and attributes: line-outs (line-outs), "line-out" definition (knowledge), ball position (location), hooker (location), you (position), 
Step: Stay in place if the other team has the ball.
Entities and attributes: ball (location), body position (orientation), movement (speed), team (team), 
Step: Cover 'loose play'.
Entities and attributes: loose play (coverage,distance), "loose play" definition (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a coffee filter &#x27;expodisc&#x27;.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get the supplies from Things You'll Need.
Entities and attributes: supplies (location,organization), suppllies (ownership), 
Step: Take your filter apart if you can.
Entities and attributes: filter (organization | arrangement,composition,size), 
Step: Cut a circle out of the coffee filter that fits the size filter that you have.
Entities and attributes: filter (organization | shape,size), coffee filter (form | shape), scissors (step), paper (size), 
Step: If you have managed to take the filter apart, put the cut out circle on top of the glass and reassemble the filter.
Entities and attributes: filter (organization | arrangement,location), coffee filter (size), cut filter piece (location), camera filter (arrangement), cut out circle (location), glass (coverage), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make tofu chicken fingers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut the firm tofu into "fingers".
Entities and attributes: tofu | toful (composition,shape | taste | temperature,location,size,width), knife (cleanness,moisture), pan (volume), package (volume), dish (cleanness), 
Step: Roll in the egg or egg substitute.
Entities and attributes: egg or egg substitute | egg (location,ownership), tofu | toful (shape | taste | temperature,area,moisture), bowl (weight,cleanness,volume,moisture), eggshell (composition), 
Step: Roll in the cornflake crumbs.
Entities and attributes: bowl with egg (weight), tofu | toful (shape | taste | temperature,location,moisture,texture), breadcrumbs (location,ownership), cornflakes (location | organization,moisture,texture), pan (volume), package (volume), dish (cleanness), 
Step: Fry in a shallow pan until golden############
Entities and attributes: egg or egg substitute | egg (temperature), tofu | toful (shape | taste | temperature,location,temperature,color), stove burner (electric conductivity), cornflakes (temperature,color), oil (location,temperature,ownership), pan (temperature,cleanness), 
Step: Serve with dark green veggies and a salad to make up for the frying.
Entities and attributes: lettuce (cleanness | location,length), tofu | toful (location), plate (cleanness,weight), 

A person's goal is to start a plyometrics training program.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start with the basic plyometric exercises.
Entities and attributes: exercises (exercise type), definition of plyometrics (knowledge), you (speed), muscle strength (strength), repetitons (magnitude), form (form), 
Step: Start kicking up the workout.
Entities and attributes: workout (intensity,workout), plyometrics knowledge (knowledge), you (speed), difficulty (height), body fat (magnitude), weight (weight), 
Step: Medicine balls are also used in plyometric exercises.
Entities and attributes: list of plyometrics exercises with medicine ball (availability), medicine balls (location,magnitude,availability,workout tools), exercises (inclusiveness), medicine ball definition (knowledge), medicine balls used (weight), rebounder (location), 
Step: Work on your legs with box squat jumps.
Entities and attributes: you (position), number of jumps (magnitude), box squat jumps (leg workouts), speed of jumps (speed), reaction time (length), leg strength (strength), box height (height), boxes (availability), legs (exertion), 
Step: Do box jumps.
Entities and attributes: body (position), you (location), 

A person's goal is to fix a wheelbarrow tire (tubeless).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In most cases your wheelbarrow tire has become flat due to the cold weather, but if it has been punctured you should plan to fix the hole with a tire repair kit.
Entities and attributes: tire | tie | the tire | wheel (orientation,pressure | size,pressure | shape), you (knowledge), hole (shape), 
Step: Once the tire is ready for inflating, clean the tire bead, (the area that will be in contact with the metal rim) and remove all dirt.
Entities and attributes: tire | tie | the tire | wheel (moisture | dampness,pressure | shape,cleanness,texture), the tire bead (cleanness), cloth (cleanness), the tire | the rag (weight,cleanness), dirt | the air | air (location), tire bead (cleanness,color), 
Step: Apply tire bead sealer or dish soap to assist in the bonding process.
Entities and attributes: the tire bead sealer or dish soap container (volume | weight), the tire bead sealer or dish soap | the lid (location), tire | tie | the tire | wheel (moisture | dampness,pressure | size,pressure | shape), sealer (location,moisture), bottle (volume), soap | dish soap (location), bonding (condition), 
Step: Wrap a tie down around the center of the tire tread and start to cinch up until the bead presses up against the rim.
Entities and attributes: tire | tie | the tire | wheel (orientation,pressure | size,position), sealer (location,moisture), the tie down (location,shape,pressure), the tire | the rag (weight), bead (organization,location), tie down (location), 
Step: Inflate the tire using a compressor (found at a gas station), or a small compressor that plugs into your cigarette lighter.
Entities and attributes: tire | tie | the tire | wheel (moisture | dampness,pressure | shape,pressure,pressure | size,texture), the tire | the rag (weight), dirt | the air | air (location), the compressor | compressor (power | electric conductivity,power), tube (organization), 

A person's goal is to get salt stains out of your car&#x27;s carpet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a spray bottle, mix up a solution of 1/2 warm water and 1/2 white vinegar.
Entities and attributes: vinegar | white vinegar (location,concentration | composition,composition), spray bottle | bottle (volume | container,weight,weight,moisture,wetness), water | warm water (location,temperature,composition), vinegar bottle (volume), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Spray the stained area with the solution.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | bottle (weight), solution (location), mixture (location), carpet | stain (moisture,visibility), salt | surface (moisture | wetness), stained area (wetness), 
Step: Press a dry, clean towel over the wet area.
Entities and attributes: towel (cleanness | wetness,moisture,location), solution (location), mixture (location), carpet | stain (cleanness,moisture,location), 
Step: Remove the towel when it's soaked.
Entities and attributes: towel (cleanness | wetness,moisture,location), solution (location), carpet | stain (location), salt | surface (moisture | wetness), stained (cleanness), 
Step: Watch out for the smell!
Entities and attributes: stained area (odor), 

A person's goal is to take a picture of your character on wonderland online.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get your character into a pose you would like to use for your picture.
Entities and attributes: character (step,knowledge), 
Step: When ready, hold alt then press "P" on your keyboard.
Entities and attributes: alt (pressure,step), p (pressure,position), character (knowledge), 
Step: It should say it has taken a picture and it has been saved to your computer as JPG, PNG, etc.
Entities and attributes: new photo (step), 
Step: Go to "My Computer" and go to the "Wonderland Online" folder.
Entities and attributes: my computer (step), you (focus), folder (openness), 
Step: Enjoy your new picture!
Entities and attributes: new photo (step), 

A person's goal is to install pinstriping or reflective tape on your car or motorcycle.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pick your installation pathway for the pin striping or reflective tape first, then mark this path.
Entities and attributes: path | pathway (knowledge | focus,clarity,marking path | marking pathway), string (location,length), striping pathway (pathway), installation (picking installation,knowledge), car (color), 
Step: Attach the first 1" to the front of the car, usually the fender.
Entities and attributes: first one inch (placement), car (color), front of car (area), first 1" (attaching first 1"), 1" tape (flexibility), tape (length,texture), 
Step: After completing the first half of the car, repeat this same procedure from the ending point to the rear of the car exactly.
Entities and attributes: first half of car (completion | area), second half of car (focus), car (color,area), second half (completing second half), rear of car (clarity), tape mark (location), tape (length), 
Step: Tackle all openings such as the hinge and latch side of the door.
Entities and attributes: hing and latch side of door (completion), doors (color), openings (openings,texture), latch side of door (availability), tackle (location), hinge (openness), tape (length), 
Step: Tap your finger lightly all along the pinstriping or reflective tape to insure it is sticking, then you can lightly wipe it down with your finger using a light pressure.
Entities and attributes: pinstriping (pinstriping), pinstriping/tape (pinstriping), car (sound), tape contact (knowledge), finger (pressure | strength), tape (tightness,strength), 

A person's goal is to finely shave chocolate.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase a very fine grater; the best sort is a "microplane" that is specifically made for grating chocolate.
Entities and attributes: grater | cutting board (cleanness,location,availability | ownership), microplane (location,packaging), receipt paper (composition), money (location), store (openness), person (ownership), 
Step: Use a safe surface to grate on, to prevent slipping.
Entities and attributes: grater | cutting board (cleanness), chocolate (composition,shape), nonslip cutting board (availability,ownership,location,clean), chocolate pieces (size), surface (preparedness), 
Step: Run the chocolate over the grater.
Entities and attributes: grater | cutting board (cleanness,fullness,texture), chocolate (location,consistency,availability,length,shape), choclate (ownership), 
Step: If you don't have a microplane, try using a peeler.
Entities and attributes: chocolate (texture,length), peeler (cleanness,availability,ownership,location), 
Step: Save yourself a little effort and purchase a chocolate mill.
Entities and attributes: chocolate mill (availability | ownership,location), 

A person's goal is to get the best from your fruit plants and trees through feeding and mulching.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select what mulch you are going to use.
Entities and attributes: mulch | ground (location | coverage), the mulch (knowledge), much (ownership), 
Step: The optimal time to start mulching is during spring.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 
Step: Remove any weeds and ensure you get the roots out as well so they don't grow back into your mulch later on.
Entities and attributes: weeds | the weeds (location,viability,cleanness), 
Step: Ensure that the soil around your fruit trees is covered with a generous layer of mulch.
Entities and attributes: mulch | ground (location | coverage), mulch bag (fullness), the soil | soil (coverage | color,covering,composition,temperature,dryness), 
Step: Well done.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to get to jfk airport from manhattan.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Venture from one line to another, until you reach a station that contains an E-line train.
Entities and attributes: you (movement,purpose), person (location), station (station contents), seat (location), train (train type), line (following line), 
Step: The Long Island Railroad (LIRR) will allow you to get from some places in Manhattan to JFK Airport.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), airport (transportation), 
Step: Take a taxi from Manhattan to the airport.
Entities and attributes: airport (transportation type), taxi (location), wallet (ownership), 
Step: Take your personal vehicle (if you own one) from Manhattan to the airport.
Entities and attributes: airport (using personal vehicle), car (location,object), 
Step: Bicycle from Manhattan to the airport, if you have no luggage in tow.
Entities and attributes: bicycled (bicycling with luggage), bicylce (location), 

A person's goal is to make a minute to win it game.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plan your type of Minute to Win It game.
Entities and attributes: the type of game | game (knowledge), ink (location,moisture), 
Step: You need to find the Minute to Win It games or your own games to play it.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), games (knowledge), 
Step: You will need materials to run a game.
Entities and attributes: materials | cards (organization), you (knowledge), 
Step: Get ready with the 60 seconds timer and your games' materials.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), timer (electric conductivity), 
Step: Give the awards.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), awards (ownership), winner (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to take an online defensive driving course for ticket dismissal in florida.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: When you receive a traffic ticket in Florida, you have three basic options:
Entities and attributes: number of options (knowledge), home (location), 
Step: Take defensive driving course.
Entities and attributes: decision driving course (choice), course (time), course locations | course dates and times (location | knowledge), definition of defensive driving (knowledge), 
Step: Find a course online.
Entities and attributes: course (time), course name (place), url for online course llist (knowledge), available courses (knowledge), online course (knowledge), internet connection (location), 
Step: Take the course in the comfort of your home, at your convenience.
Entities and attributes: course (time), place to take course (location), home computer (location), surroundings (sound), bandwidth (strength), 
Step: Once you have completed the school.
Entities and attributes: course (time), procedure for getting point reduction (knowledge), proof of completion (availability), 

A person's goal is to make strawberries and cream mug cake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a medium bowl, combine the ingredients until well mixed.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (organization | composition,location,texture), bowl (cleanliness | cleanness,fullness | container), 
Step: Lightly grease the inside of a mug with cooking spray.
Entities and attributes: mug | mug top | mixture (cleanness | wetness,container,moisture,texture), cooking spray (location), grease (location), 
Step: Carefully pour the mixture until the mug is half full.
Entities and attributes: mug | mug top | mixture (weight,fullness | size,container), mixture (location), bowl (fullness | container), 
Step: Heat the mixture in the microwave for about 3 to 4 minutes.
Entities and attributes: mug | mug top | mixture (temperature,texture,shape,odor,size), microwave (power,container), 
Step: Garnish the mug cake with strawberries and whipped cream.
Entities and attributes: mug | mug top | mixture (location | size,temperature,complexity), cake | whipped cream (coverage | location), strawberries (location), mug cake (location,taste), plate (cleanness), mug treat (moisture), 

A person's goal is to use a pool noodle to protect your car against scratches in the garage.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut pool noodle in half, lengthwise.
Entities and attributes: noodle | noodles | pool noodle (shape | size | form), knife (location), scissors (cleanness,position), 
Step: Identify the most vulnerable areas in the garage.
Entities and attributes: vulnerable areas (knowledge,step), garage (organization), 
Step: Mark off the area where pool noodled will be mounted.
Entities and attributes: vulnerable place (step), wall (color,measurement), garage wall (emptiness,texture), materials (location), 
Step: Mount noodle to wall.
Entities and attributes: noodle | noodles | pool noodle (location,orientation), mounting hooks (fullness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: car (safety), 

A person's goal is to install a chain master link clip.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Align the roller chain ends on the sprocket.
Entities and attributes: roller chains | roller chain ends (location | alignment), the chain (placement), the roller chain ends (orientation), roller chain (installation,availability), the sprocket (covering), the bicycle (orientation), 
Step: Install the plate and pin assembly.
Entities and attributes: the plate and pin assembly (placement), the chain (weight), the plate and pin (installation), pin (availability), pin and plate (location), plate (availability), 
Step: Install the master link plate.
Entities and attributes: master link plate | the master link plate (change | installation,placement), the chain (weight), 
Step: Install the spring clip.
Entities and attributes: the spring clip | spring clip (placement,placement | installation,availability), the chain (weight), 
Step: You're done!
Entities and attributes: master link (completion), installation ability (availability), chain (power,stability), installation (completion), bike (orientation), 

A person's goal is to sand a car for repainting.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Begin by cleaning the car to remove any dust or potential obstacles for the sander.
Entities and attributes: insignias (location), stickers (location), dirt | dust | obstacles (location), disc | sander (resistance), screwdriver (availability), sandpaper (cost), car (cleanness | composition,age), rag (condition), 
Step: Fill or repair any visible dents or deep scratches now - make sure you get a good adhesion if using a filler by cleaning inside the dent, chip or scratch and creating a rough surface with an abrasive.
Entities and attributes: abrasive (location), scratches (shape | depth), dents | inner dents (smoothness | texture,depth), filler compound (availability), filler (length | location,density), antenna (coverage), dent (cleanness), scratch (cleanness), paint | surface (texture | resistance), tape (availability), hole (thickness), 
Step: Attach a coarse abrasive disc to your sanding machine - such as P60 grade - for initial sanding.
Entities and attributes: knowledge of which sanding disks you need | sanding disks (availability), sand block for hand sanding (availability), filler compound (hardness), sanding machine (availability), sanding disc (location), disc | sander (location), 
Step: Once reaching the primer, switch to a finer grade to remove the scratches made by the coarse disc.
Entities and attributes: scratches (location), rough grade sand paper (location), scotch brite pad (availability), sanding disk (texture), grade (material,composition), disc | sander (texture), course disc (location), primer (timing), 
Step: Aim for a matte finish, not a high polish - a high polish will not provide enough 'grip' for the primer and new paint.
Entities and attributes: new primer | new paint (availability), sanding debris (location), car surface (texture), polish (location), car (cleanness | composition), 

A person's goal is to hang a muffler.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase a new muffler hanger.
Entities and attributes: money for muffler hanger | ability to recognize muffler hanger (cost | knowledge), new muffler hangar | hangar (location | installation), muffler hanger (ownership,obtaining new hanger), 
Step: Install your muffler if you have just purchased a new one or make sure it is installed properly if it is already installed.
Entities and attributes: muffler (status | stability,ownership,installation), installation (proper installation), 
Step: Remove any old muffler hangers from the top mount and the muffler itself.
Entities and attributes: muffler (status | stability), old muffler hangar | old muffler hanger (location), old hanger (location), old hangers (old hangers), 
Step: Install the muffler hanger.
Entities and attributes: new muffler hangar | hangar (location | installation), new hanger (location), muffler hanger (obtaining new hanger,location), 
Step: Use a crescent wrench that has a hole at the end of its handle to hang the muffler.
Entities and attributes: muffler (status | stability,hanging muffler), crescent wrench handle (knowledge), crescent wrench (location), wrench (correct tool), bolt (pressure), nut (organization), 

A person's goal is to check for diagnostic trouble codes (dtc&#x27;s) on a 1999 2010 jeep grand cherokee.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get into your vehicle and make sure the hood, rear tailgate, and all doors on your vehicle are shut.
Entities and attributes: i | ink (location,human posture), rear tailgate (openness), vehicle (weight,occupation), person (location), doors | door (openness | openess), 
Step: Insert your key into the ignition slot, and turn it from 'Off' to 'On' (Do NOT start your vehicle) 3-5 times until 'DTC REPORT' appears in the odometer display for 2005-2010 models, or the DTC's start displaying on 1999-2004 models.
Entities and attributes: ignition | ignition slot (power | position), display (appearance), keys | key (location,angle), dtc report (on/off state), 
Step: Write down all codes, starting with the letter 'P', and ending with 4 numbers (0-9).
Entities and attributes: i | ink (location), codes (appearance), note (emptiness), paper (appearance), 
Step: Shut your vehicle off.
Entities and attributes: i | ink (location), ignition | ignition slot (power | position), vehicle (electric conductivity,location), keys | key (location,angle), electricity (electric conductivity), car power (power), 
Step: Search online for your DTC code (it is generic for all vehicles made after 1997).
Entities and attributes: search box on computer screen (appearance), database (power), computer (electric conductivity,utilization,temperature), screen (pixel brightness), 

A person's goal is to stop a runaway toyota prius.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Hold down the brake pedal while shifting your car into neutral (symbolized by an N on the shifter).
Entities and attributes: driver's foot (pressure), driver's hand (location), brake pedal (location,height,brake pedal), car shift | car (location | velocity,motion,sound), driver (knowledge), foot (location | pressure), shifter (gear), speed (speed), shift (shift), 
Step: Hold down your Prius' power button with your one hand's pointer finger for several seconds.
Entities and attributes: driver's finger (location), power button (location,power), car shift | car (electric conductivity), right hand (location), pointer finger (power button), finger (pressure), hand (location), 
Step: Hold down the brake pedal, if nothing else works.
Entities and attributes: brake (height), brake pedal (location,brake pedal), right foot (location,pressure), foot (location | pressure), break pedal (position), vehicle (speed), 
Step: Remove the floor mats, before you go out on your next drive with the vehicle.
Entities and attributes: floor mat (location), mats (location), driver (focus), floor mats (floor mats), floor (material), 
Step: Sit down and relax when you get home from work.
Entities and attributes: car shift | car (distance), driver (location,mood | mental status,orientation | posture), self (sitting and relaxing), 

A person's goal is to be helpful when you witness damage to a parked car.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wait until you are certain that the perpetrator of the damage is not going to stop or leave a note at the scene.
Entities and attributes: car (location), perpetrator (location), time since accident (length), offending car (location), 
Step: Write down your own details so that the car owner can contact you later.
Entities and attributes: make, model and color of the car which caused damage (location), description of driver (location), pen | piece of paper | paper (location,contents | writing,usage), ink (location), paper (location | paper), 
Step: Leave the note on their windscreen, tucked under the windscreen wiper.
Entities and attributes: windscreen (contents | note), plastic-covered note (location), note (location,note), wiper (position), 
Step: Write a summary for yourself that details what you saw.
Entities and attributes: details of accident (location), completed note (location), pen | piece of paper | paper (location,contents | writing), ink (location), paper (location | paper), 
Step: Wait for a call or e-mail.
Entities and attributes: email in box (contents), 

A person's goal is to disconnect a car battery.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take the necessary precautions before you try to disconnect your battery.
Entities and attributes: battery (electric conductivity,condition), engine (power,temperature), hood (orientation), car (location), brush (location), 
Step: Find the negative terminal on the top of your car's battery.
Entities and attributes: battery (noticing), negative terminal (terminal), terminals (cleanness), hood (position), black (negative) terminal (location), red (positive) terminal (location), baking soda and water (composition), 
Step: Determine what size socket you need to loosen the nut on the negative terminal.
Entities and attributes: socket (location), socket wrench (location,motion), nut on negative terminal (location,size), correct sized wrench (location), terminal connector (location), nut (organization,strength,location), 
Step: Follow the same procedure to disconnect the positive terminal.
Entities and attributes: positive poll (electric conductivity), positive terminal connector (organization), nut on positive terminal (knowledge), correct sized wrench (location), wrench (orientation), nut (location,strength), 
Step: Continue with your work.
Entities and attributes: new battery sif replacing old battery) (availability,location), old battery (location), 

A person's goal is to get a land survey.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Determine if you need to have a survey done.
Entities and attributes: pros and cons (knowledge), 
Step: Contact several local surveying firms to get cost estimates.
Entities and attributes: surveying firms (action), cost estimates (knowledge), costs (information), phone (use), person (sound), 
Step: Compare the estimates from the surveyors you contacted.
Entities and attributes: estimates (knowledge), cost estimates (knowledge), 
Step: When you're happy with a company's bid, sign the contract included with the bid and return it to the company.
Entities and attributes: contract (status | legality,location), cap (location), contractor (knowledge), paper (cleanness), 
Step: Allow the surveyor to perform the survey.
Entities and attributes: survey (knowledge), land (size,dimensions), 

A person's goal is to fold a cd cover from a sheet of copy paper.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fold one of the long edges of the sheet until it touches the edge of a CD aligned along the other edge.
Entities and attributes: edge of sheet | paper | sheet edge (shape | smoothness,size), sheet edges (sheet edges), edges (sheet edges), 
Step: Fold the other long edge of the sheet so that the edge of the CD rests within your fold.
Entities and attributes: edge of sheet | paper | sheet edge (shape | smoothness), long edge (long edge), 
Step: Fold one of the remaining edges until it touches the edge of the CD.
Entities and attributes: sheet (length), edge of sheet | paper | sheet edge (shape | smoothness), remaining edges (remaining edges), 
Step: Fold the final edge of the sheet so that the edge of the CD rests within your final fold.
Entities and attributes: sheet (size), edge of sheet | paper | sheet edge (shape | smoothness), final edge (final edge), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to arch a doorway.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Determine the overall desired visual effect.
Entities and attributes: cultural influences (design), design (knowledge), type of effect (design), 
Step: Organize the materials you'll need.
Entities and attributes: materials (location,organization | materials), 
Step: Prepare the work area.
Entities and attributes: work area (work area | area), 
Step: Build the arch framing.
Entities and attributes: arch (organization), arch materials (materials), arch framing (framing), blades (motion), building materials (space), screws (organization), nails (organization,materials), wood (shape,location,length), saw (electric conductivity), 
Step: Attach the blocks to the doorway.
Entities and attributes: blocks | block (organization,location | blocks and doorway,attachment), screws (composition,organization), 

A person's goal is to make money on runescape using steel bars.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get 60 mining for access into the Mining Guild.
Entities and attributes: mining | mining level (quantity | mining level), walking around (frequency), mining guild (status), invisible mining level boost (mining level boost), searching (frequency), guild (existence), mithril and coal ore (distance), experience rates (experience levels), private rocks (number of rocks), bag (fullness), 
Step: Mine Coal in places like Falador's Mining Guild.
Entities and attributes: coal (existence | location), mining | mining level (on/off state), mining guild (membership), falador's (falador's), distance to bank (distance), competition (competition), mining coal (difficulty), experience (experience), rocks (amount), 
Step: When you have 1000 + iron and 2000+ coal, start smelting it into steel.
Entities and attributes: coal (quantity,temperature), smelting (on/off state), iron (temperature,quantity), steel (creation,steel), heat (on/off state), 
Step: Sell it to the members at the forum.
Entities and attributes: members (attention state), adamantite (ownership), forum (existence), steel bar (ownership), 
Step: As you get better, move on to mithril, adamant, and once you are exceptionally good, move onto rune.
Entities and attributes: i (location,familiarity), rune mining (status), someone (familiarity,location), making money (making money), experience (experience), training (training), effort (effort), 

A person's goal is to grow miracle fruit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a position in full sun.
Entities and attributes: full sun location | spot in full sun (location | area), temperature (temperature), position (brightness), sunshine (brightness), 
Step: Choose well drained soil.
Entities and attributes: well-drained soil (location | area), soil (moisture,composition,location), water (location), 
Step: Keep the plant well watered.
Entities and attributes: plants | plant (wetness), soil temperature (temperature), soil (moisture), water (location), 
Step: Keep the plant well fed.
Entities and attributes: plants | plant (composition), soil (composition), fertilizer (location), 
Step: Keep tidy.
Entities and attributes: plants | plant (cleanliness), weeds (placement), area (cleanliness), 

A person's goal is to draw a sleeping dog.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Drawing the main frame of the dog's body.
Entities and attributes: pencil | marker (location,sharpness), dogs frame | dogs face (step), ink (location), graphite (location), paper (moisture,cleanliness,coverage), sketch (completion), 
Step: Drawing the dog's paws and tail.
Entities and attributes: pencil | marker (location), paws (location), dogs paw | dogs tail (step), ink (location), graphite (location), paper (cleanliness,coverage), details (details), tail (location), 
Step: Drawing the dog's face.
Entities and attributes: pencil | marker (location), dogs frame | dogs face (step), ink (location), face (coverage,location), graphite (location), paper (cleanliness,coverage), details (details), 
Step: Use an appropriate color for the fur.
Entities and attributes: dog | drawing (color), fur (color), pencil | marker (location), ink (location), dog fur (color), paper (cleanliness,coverage), details (details), 
Step: Adding details.
Entities and attributes: pencil | marker (location), ink (location), paper (color), details (details), 

A person's goal is to make carob nut fudge.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine honey and peanut butter in a pot and cook over low heat, stirring with wooden spoon.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | spoon | mixture | mixutre (organization | taste,location,temperature,composition,texture), honey | peanut butter | honey and peanut butter (location,composition,temperature,viscosity,temperature), honey, peanut butter (location), 
Step: When the mixture becomes a liquid, remove from heat.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | spoon | mixture | mixutre (organization | taste,texture,temperature,organization,viscosity), honey | peanut butter | honey and peanut butter (temperature,temperature), pot | pan | stove (volume,cleanness,temperature,temperature | location), peanut butter, honey mixture (consistency), 
Step: Add carob powder, nuts or seeds, vanilla and coconut.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | spoon | mixture | mixutre (location,temperature,texture,organization), carob powder, nuts | carob powder, nuts, vanilla, coconut (composition), nuts | seeds (location,moisture,moisture), vanilla (location), carob powder (location), mixture (taste,resistance), coconut (location), nuts, carob (temperature), 
Step: Mix the ingredients thoroughly for a smooth fudge, or hardly mix them at all for a lumpy fudge.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | spoon | mixture | mixutre (organization | taste,texture,velocity,composition,moisture), spoon (cleanness), pot | pan | stove (volume,cleanness), mixture (thickness), 
Step: Spoon and spread the mixture into pan.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | spoon | mixture | mixutre (location | shape,temperature), fudge (location,temperature,shape), spoon (cleanness), pot | pan | stove (weight,volume,moisture,texture,cleanness), 

A person's goal is to keep wooden window frame paintwork in good shape.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use quality paint whenever you repaint windows.
Entities and attributes: paint (location | ownership), 
Step: Expect to have to repaint your windows every second year.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Restore window paintwork as follows:
Entities and attributes: 
Step: When repainting, you can slightly paint onto the putty next to the frame, in order to protect it as well as the frame.
Entities and attributes: putty (step | composition | material,space), frame (covering), paint (location | ownership,moisture), 
Step: Remove any paint that has splashed on the window using a cotton bud dipped in white spirit.
Entities and attributes: white spirit | white spirits (location,shape), paint (location | ownership,dampness), paint spill (composition,location), cotton bud (cleanness,moisture | wetness), window (cleanness | area), 

A person's goal is to sew vertical hem stitch (couch stitch).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Measure and prepare the hemline.
Entities and attributes: hemline (knowledge), thread (location), pins (location), cloth (shape), 
Step: ######Fasten the thread on the wrong side of the hem.
Entities and attributes: thread (location,organization), hem (appearance), 
Step: ######Opposite the point at which you've brought up the needle, alongside the edge of the hem, begin the first stitch.
Entities and attributes: thread (location), hem (stability), 
Step: ######Bring the needle down, holding it diagonally, the stitch through the edge of the hem about 6-10mm to the left of the stitch you've just made.
Entities and attributes: thread (location), needle (location), cloth (weight), 
Step: ######Continue until the entire hem is completed.
Entities and attributes: stitch (length), hem (stability), 

A person's goal is to make broccoli salad with peanut dressing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Blanch broccoli florets in hot salted water for about 3 minutes.
Entities and attributes: broccoli | broccoli florets (temperature,wetness | moisture,texture | hardness,location,color), water (temperature,color,volume), 
Step: Refresh in a bowl of iced water and drain.
Entities and attributes: broccoli | broccoli florets (temperature,wetness | moisture,location,color,cleanness), water (location), strainer (moisture), 
Step: Whisk peanut butter with remaining ingredients in a bowl until a vinaigrette is formed.
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight,volume,container), whisk | wisk (cleanliness | cleanness,moisture | wetness), peanut butter (thickness | taste | consistency,location,color,composition), ingredients | other ingredients (texture | composition,location,location), 
Step: Add broccoli, toss, and serve.
Entities and attributes: broccoli | broccoli florets (taste,location,composition), strainer basket (volume), salad bowl (weight), peanut vinaigrette (composition), broccoli salad (location), strainer (volume), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to create a battery tester.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get some enameled copper wire or wire obtained from the inside of a tube light choke.
Entities and attributes: wire (location), copper wire (location | length), 
Step: Wind the wire over a tumbler and remove, so that it takes the form of a spiral.
Entities and attributes: wire (shape,wire), copper wire (location | length), tumbler (location), 
Step: Attach the spiral together by a string at two or more places, leaving the ends open, and fix it vertically over a board.
Entities and attributes: string | spiral (location | spiral,shape), copper wire (density), board and wire (composition), spiral of wire (location | stability), ends of spiral (ends of spiral), 
Step: Tie a razor blade (or any lightweight, conductive metal) with a string horizontally and hang it at the top of the wound coil such that the blade is parallel to the coil.
Entities and attributes: string | spiral (shape), razor blade (location | orientation,razor blade), 
Step: Connect the two ends of the coil to any torch or other battery.
Entities and attributes: wire (electric conductivity), resistance between positive and negative poles of battery (resistance), ends of coil (composition,ends of coil), top end of wire | bottom end of wire (location), electrons in wire (motion), 

A person's goal is to wear kat&#x27;s armor in halo reach.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Equip the Air Assault helmet.
Entities and attributes: the helmet | helmet (placement | location), 
Step: Equip FJ/Para shoulders on both sides.
Entities and attributes: left shoulder | right shoulder (location), the fj/para (placement), fj/para shoulders (power), 
Step: Equip the HP/Parafoil [R].
Entities and attributes: the hp/parafoil [r] (placement), chest (location), 
Step: Leave the wrist and knee guards default.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Equip the primary color as Ice, and the secondary as Steel.
Entities and attributes: the primary color | primary color (color), the secondary color | secondary color (appearance | color), 

A person's goal is to make a bitter sweet symphony cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill the mixing glass halfway with ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: ice cubes | ice (location,location | filled), glass | glasses (weight,moisture,volume,temperature), 
Step: Measure and add the Cointreau, white crème de cacao, cherry brandy, light rum, angostura bitters, and grapefruit juice.
Entities and attributes: bitters | angostura bitters (location | measured), grapefruit juice | cherry brandy (location | measured,measured), rum | light rum (location | measured), creme de cacao (location), ice cubes | ice (form), glass | glasses (volume), cointreau (location | measured), white creme (measured), ingredients (volume | composition,location), 
Step: Stir the drink with your stirrer.
Entities and attributes: stirrer (cleanness | wetness,moisture,temperature,location,stirred), ice cubes | ice (location), drink (thickness,composition | integration), ingredients (organization), drinks (sound), 
Step: Transfer it to the Shaker, place the strainer on top and strain the liquid into your glass.
Entities and attributes: strainer | shaker (cleanness,moisture,temperature,temperature,volume), ice cubes | ice (seperation), glass | glasses (volume), drink (location), mix | liquid (texture,location | transferred,strained | dilution,composition), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to paint melamine.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use 150 sandpaper to rough up all areas that you intend to paint.
Entities and attributes: floor | broom (cleanness), sandpaper (cleanness,age,location), paint (texture,brightness), areas | surface (cleanness | texture), table (cleanness), air (clarity), wood (coverage), grit (texture), paper (shape), 
Step: Wipe all areas clean with a brush or broom, and then wipe again with tack cloth.
Entities and attributes: floor | broom (cleanness), dresser (cleanness), towel (cleanness), areas | surface (cleanness,cleanness | texture), brush (clarity), surface (texture), dust (location), rag (location), cloth (texture), 
Step: Use the bottom edge of your object to test your primer.
Entities and attributes: paint brush (cleanness), oruner (location), primer (openness,cleanness), hand (pressure), edge (texture), wood (cleanness,color), door (openness), object (texture), can (openness), arm (movement), 
Step: Paint with a good quality bonding primer.
Entities and attributes: paint can (weight,fullness), primer (location), areas | surface (cleanness | texture), bristles (texture), brush (cleanness), wood (coverage), can (openness), 
Step: Paint 1 to 2 coats of high-quality paint.
Entities and attributes: dresser (color), paint (location,openness), areas | surface (cleanness | texture), brush (cleanness,covering), surface (texture), table (cleanness), wall (color), container (volume), item (sticky), 

A person's goal is to perform a spread with cards.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, make sure that you're using the right deck of cards.
Entities and attributes: cards | deck (knowledge), 
Step: Next, find a place to do the spread.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Then, you grip the deck.
Entities and attributes: cards | deck (location), 
Step: Place the deck a little to the left in front of you.
Entities and attributes: cards | deck (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: cards | deck (organization), 

A person's goal is to make strawberry lemonade jello shots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: cup | cups (location), glasses (location), pantry (openness), table (volume), hands (motion), legs (stability), 
Step: Dissolve the gelatin into the boiling water in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (temperature), bowl (temperature,volume,cleanness,texture), gelatin (location,moisture,granularity), 
Step: Measure and pour the rest of the ingredients into the bowl.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (knowledge,location,composition | texture), bowl (temperature), cup | cups (cleanness), hand (location), measuring cup (volume), 
Step: Carefully pour the Jello mixture into the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), shot cups (volume), bowl (weight,volume), cup | cups (cleanness), counter (cleanness), hands (motion), 
Step: Chill in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: mixture (temperature), shot cups (temperature), refrigerator (placement,openness), jello (temperature), jello cups (location), light (brightness), hands (volume), legs (motion), 

A person's goal is to disassemble furniture when preparing for a move.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get the right tools.
Entities and attributes: knowledge od which tools are needed (knowledge), philips head screwdriver (location), flat head screwdriver (location), tools (location), moving (knowledge), 
Step: Evaluate which pieces of furniture must be disassembled in order to fit through constricted spaces.
Entities and attributes: doors of new home | doors of present home (size), list of pierces to be disassembled (step), size of furniture pieces (size), size of moving truck (knowledge), ruler (location), 
Step: Inspect furniture pieces for disassembling points.
Entities and attributes: assembly instruictions for furniture (if existing) (location), furniture disassembly points (knowledge), 
Step: Disassemble furniture with tools.
Entities and attributes: hardware | furniture (organization), schematic of all removed hardware (availability), tape for removed hardware (location), screws | bolts (location), 
Step: Keep hardware attached to the furniture pieces.
Entities and attributes: all pieces having all their hardware attached (knowledge), tape (location), hardware | furniture (location), security of taped hardwares (knowledge), moving (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a metal wire flower vase.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Measure the height and width/circumference of the vase/jar(s).
Entities and attributes: circumference (knowledge), height | weight (knowledge), measuring tape (location), vase (position), hand | hands (volume), grip (pressure), fingers (motion), tape (shape), 
Step: Transfer measurements to your metal screening using your pen.
Entities and attributes: metal screen (size), measurements (location), metal (texture), screening (shape), hand | hands (volume), pen (location), grip (pressure), room (sound), 
Step: Cut metal to size.
Entities and attributes: metal (size | shape,composition), metal shavings (cleanness), materials (weight), piece (size), hand | hands (pressure), screen (si), tool (pressure), 
Step: Tie metal in place.
Entities and attributes: metal (size | shape,location), tie (pressure), supplies (location), hand | hands (volume), screen (location), fingers (movement), string (pressure), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: materials (location), vase (we | vo,complexity,texture), hand | hands (volume), 

A person's goal is to make caraway cakes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Rub the flour, sugar and butter together.
Entities and attributes: flour, sugar and butter (composition), seeds | flour (location), whisk (cleanness), bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness | volume), butter (texture,location), hand (motion), ingredients (texture), sugar (position), 
Step: Beat in the eggs and rose water.
Entities and attributes: parchment paper (composition), rose water (location,clarity), flour, sugar and butter (wetness), parchment (location), eggs (location), eggshell (composition), bowl (fullness | volume), container (cleanness), yolk (composition), ingredients (texture), beater (location), items (texture), 
Step: Add the caraway seeds and mix in.
Entities and attributes: caraway (composition), oven | mixture (thickness), seeds | flour (moisture,location), spoon (cleanness), bowl (weight), container (volume), hand (motion), mix (texture), mixer (location), 
Step: Drop the mixture onto baking sheets.
Entities and attributes: parchment (cleanness), oven | mixture (composition), bowl (fullness | volume), mixture (location), baking sheet (cleanness), baking sheets (location), sheets (cleanness,texture), tray (weight), paper (weight), 
Step: Bake until brown in a slow oven for 20 minutes to half an hour.
Entities and attributes: cake tops (color), oven | mixture (power,temperature,texture,cooked status,color), oven door (position), appliance (temperature), timer (power), 

A person's goal is to create your own fire extinguisher with household items.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Fill the plastic bottle with 1/3 cups vinegar.
Entities and attributes: bottle (volume | placement,weight,moisture), plastic bottle | vinegar (location), 
Step: ######Fill the bottle with water but leave 1.5 inches (6 cm) empty space left.
Entities and attributes: bottle (volume | placement,weight,moisture), water (location), 
Step: ######Get 2 pieces of toilet paper and place 2 table spoons of baking soda on it fold it .
Entities and attributes: toilet paper bag | toilet paper (location | shape,position), spoon (cleanness), baking soda (placement | location,shape), 
Step: ######Drill a small hole (carefully) on the cap and put the bag through the cap.
Entities and attributes: folded toilet paper bag (location), cap (shape), bag (position), drill (electric conductivity), 
Step: ######When ready to use push the bag in to the slack point and save the day.
Entities and attributes: toilet paper bag | toilet paper (location | orientation), baking powder (moisture), bag (position), 

A person's goal is to make a gluten free fall harvest cake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix together sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, ginger, oil, vanilla, and eggs.
Entities and attributes: sugar (location,moisture), cinnamon (location), ingredients (composition | location), spoon (cleanness), vanilla (location), yolks (composition), bowl (fullness,wetness), eggshells (composition), 
Step: Stir in 2 cups of sifted flour, ½ cup at a time.
Entities and attributes: measuring cup (cleanness), mixture (viscosity | consistency,thickness), ingredients (organization), flour (location,moisture), bowl (weight,cleanness,volume), 
Step: Bake 60-70 minutes at 350 °F (177 °C) in a greased and floured Bundt pan.
Entities and attributes: bundt pan (temperature), mixture (location,temperature), oven | pan (temperature,cleanness,moisture,texture), stove (temperature), 
Step: Ice with cream-cheese frosting, and sprinkle with nuts.
Entities and attributes: cake (texture), cake plate (fullness), bundt pan (volume,weight), frosting (shape,location), nuts (size,location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: cake (composition), 

A person's goal is to remove toilet odors naturally.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add drops of your favorite essential oil to the water.
Entities and attributes: toilet water (clarity,smell), oil drops (location), oil | water (location,composition,odor), essential oil (location), bottle (weight), 
Step: Light a match over a very smelly loo and drop it in the water.
Entities and attributes: match head (color,temperature), matchbox (weight), match (composition | temperature,location,color,ignition,wetness), odor | air (odor | aroma), 
Step: Add plants to the bathroom.
Entities and attributes: flower | plant (location), bathroom (composition), odor | air (odor | aroma), plants (cost), 
Step: Flush vinegar down the bend.
Entities and attributes: oil | water (volume), vinegar (location), toilet (cleanness), room (aroma), 
Step: Open the window.
Entities and attributes: room (sound,temperature,brightness), window (orientation | position,openness), odor | air (airflow), 

A person's goal is to use old digital cameras.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Buy a card reader.
Entities and attributes: card reader packaging (openness), money | card reader (location,availability), reader (packaging,power,location), 
Step: Be careful when buying memory cards.
Entities and attributes: memory card (location), 
Step: Batteries wear out over time, and it's almost guaranteed that an old camera will get substantially fewer shots on a charge than a new one.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Older cameras generally do not do such a great job of getting superb images when shooting JPEGs, and often have some issues with colour accuracy.
Entities and attributes: colour (accuracy), 
Step: Shoot carefully.
Entities and attributes: film (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to fold (baking).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Follow the recipe's instructions properly.
Entities and attributes: recipe (knowledge), 
Step: Use a metallic spoon or a rubber spatula.
Entities and attributes: spatula | spoon | bowl (cleanness,moisture,cleanness,volume), ingredients (organization | shape), 
Step: Add the delicate mixture to the heavy mixture.
Entities and attributes: the delicate mixture (location), spatula | spoon | bowl (cleanness,volume,texture), delicate mixture | heavy mixture (location | composition), ingredients (organization | shape,moisture), 
Step: Use the metallic spoon or spatula in a cutting action.
Entities and attributes: spatula | spoon | bowl (cleanness,moisture,volume,cleanness,texture), ingredients (organization | shape), the mixture (shape), dought | dough (size | shape), 
Step: Continue until both mixtures are adequately combined.
Entities and attributes: spatula | spoon | bowl (cleanness,cleanness,volume,moisture), mixture (composition), ingredients (organization | shape), 

A person's goal is to clean ceramic tiles with lemon.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a lemon in half.
Entities and attributes: tile | tiles | towel | ceramic tiles | cloth (cleanness), lemon | lemon juice (location,size | composition), plate (cleanness,location), knife (cleanness,availability,moisture), juice (location), air (smell), 
Step: Wipe the cut side of the lemon half over the ceramic tiles.
Entities and attributes: tile | tiles | towel | ceramic tiles | cloth (moisture | wetness,cleanness,texture,moisture), lemon | lemon juice (location,shape), stain (visibility), 
Step: Leave the lemon juice on the tiles for 15 to 30 minutes.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Use a soft cloth to polish up the tiles.
Entities and attributes: tile | tiles | towel | ceramic tiles | cloth (cleanness,moisture | wetness,moisture,location,texture), lemon | lemon juice (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: tile | tiles | towel | ceramic tiles | cloth (cleanness,brightness), 

A person's goal is to make french toast in a cup.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a microwave-safe cup or mug, melt the butter for 15-20 seconds until fully melted.
Entities and attributes: cup | mug | egg (cleanness,location,temperature,wetness), butter (location,temperature,shape), microwave (power | electric conductivity,cleanness), timer (time), door (openness), 
Step: Beat in the wet and dry ingredients.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | wet ingredients | dry ingredients (composition,moisture | texture,moisture), fork (cleanness), cup | mug | egg (location), batter (texture,aeration), bowl | tool | food (weight,cleanness,location,volume), beater (cleanness,power), hands (pressure), 
Step: Add the bread pieces.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | wet ingredients | dry ingredients (moisture | texture,shape), bread and mixture (composition), bread (location,wetness | texture | moisture,shape), cup | mug | egg (weight,volume), mixture (location), batter (texture), bowl | tool | food (volume), mixer (motion), 
Step: ######Microwave the French toast.
Entities and attributes: egg mixture (form), bread (wetness | texture | moisture), cup | mug | egg (location,weight,temperature,temperature), toast | french toast (temperature), microwave (power | electric conductivity,temperature), light (brightness), door (openness), hand (volume), plate (temperature), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: cinnamon sticks (location), new recipe (knowledge), cup | mug | egg (location), toast | french toast (temperature), flowers (location), bowl | tool | food (location), utensils (location), plates (location), spoon (cleanness), plate (temperature), table (weight), 

A person's goal is to fish wires through a conduit or pipe.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Unwind several feet of the light string and feed a little bit of it into one end of the pipe.
Entities and attributes: string | light string (location,shape), pipe | rope | wire (volume,container), hand (pressure), fingers (motion), roll (volume), 
Step: Start up the vacuum cleaner and attach it to the other end of the pipe.
Entities and attributes: pipe | rope | wire (location), vaccuum | vacuum cleaner | vacuum (power | electric conductivity,organization,pressure), vacuum light (brightness), room (sound), plug (power), 
Step: Once you have pulled the light string through the pipe, attach a heavier string / rope to the end, and pull this through manually.
Entities and attributes: string | light string (shape,location,pressure), pipe | rope | wire (volume,location,shape), vaccuum | vacuum cleaner | vacuum (power), heavier string (location), 
Step: Once the heavier string / rope has been pulled through the pipe, attach your final wire or cable, and pull this through manually.
Entities and attributes: pipe | rope | wire (volume,location), hand (volume), final wire (location), grip (pressure), arm (strength), 
Step: Use a metal or fiberglass fish tape or snake.
Entities and attributes: pipe | rope | wire (location), hand (pressure), fish tape (location), drawer (openness), line (shape), tape (movement), 

A person's goal is to kill the avogadro in tranzit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Turn on the power.
Entities and attributes: avogadro (viability), power (power,electric conductivity), 
Step: Go straight to town.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Wait for the Avogadro to show up.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Get the Avogadro in humanoid form.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Knife it while it is in its humanoid form.
Entities and attributes: avogadro (viability), 

A person's goal is to make tortellini and artichoke pasta salad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Using a whisk, mix the black pepper, garlic, olive oil, salt, pepper flakes and vinegar in a mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: spices | pepper flakes (moisture), bowl | mixing bowl | oil (cleanness,weight,fullness), oil (location), mix (composition), vinegar (location), spoon (cleanness), whisk (cleanness), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Transfer the tortellini to a pan to cook.
Entities and attributes: pasta (temperature | moisture,location,rawness), water level (height), pan (temperature,weight,fullness), tortellini | tortelini (temperature,location,texture), water | pot (movement,volume), dough (temperature), 
Step: Drain the pasta using a colander, then place it in a huge mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl | mixing bowl | oil (cleanness,fullness), pasta (location,temperature | moisture), strainer (cleanness), stove (power), water | pot (location | volume), colander (moisture,temperature), 
Step: Transfer the salad to your refrigerator to chill.
Entities and attributes: bowl | mixing bowl | oil (temperature), pasta (texture,temperature | moisture), mix (composition), fridge (fullness), refrigerator (fullness), spoon (temperature), salad (temperature,location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to stop toilet tank sweating.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cover the outside of the toilet's tank.
Entities and attributes: tank (coverage,temperature), toilet tank | toilet (covering | power), cover (location,shape), materials (location), body (position), hands (volume), 
Step: Create ventilation in the air surrounding the toilet.
Entities and attributes: toilet tank | toilet (temperature), airflow (pressure), window (openness), switch (position), vent (power), room (temperature), 
Step: Decrease the temperature in the bathroom.
Entities and attributes: temperature | bathroom (temperature), thermostat (temperature), fan (power), door (position), 
Step: Install a tempering valve to the toilet to increase the temperature of the water coming into the tank.
Entities and attributes: tempering valve | valve (installation,location), water in tank (temperature), toilet tank | toilet (covering | power), water (temperature), tools (location), grip (pressure), hands (volume), 
Step: Invest in a tempering tank.
Entities and attributes: tempering tank (purchase), 

A person's goal is to make black leather dye.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a five gallon bucket, place the entire package of steel wool and pour in the entire container of vinegar.
Entities and attributes: steel wool (location,moisture), tub (volume), bucket | vinegar (location,weight,wetness | moisture,container,volume), package (container), 
Step: The vinegar in the dye is acidic and eventually it will destroy the integrity of whatever leather you apply it to.
Entities and attributes: leather (color), bucket | vinegar (wetness | moisture,color,volume,cleanness), 
Step: Test the dye by taking a small piece of leather and submerging it in the dye for approximately 2 minutes.
Entities and attributes: leather (wetness | moisture,color,size,location), bucket | vinegar (location,wetness | moisture,volume), 
Step: Now, take the piece of leather you have just dyed and submerge it in the bucket filled with the baking soda solution.
Entities and attributes: baking soda solution (location), leather (wetness | moisture,color,location), bucket | vinegar (container), baking soda (moisture), 
Step: Finish the leather.
Entities and attributes: leather (color), 

A person's goal is to protect household appliances from electrical disturbances.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use surge protecting power strips in your home.
Entities and attributes: surge protecting power strips | surge protector (electric conductivity | power,location), 
Step: Install a whole-house surge protector in your electrical panel.
Entities and attributes: surge protecting power strips | surge protector (installation), whole-house surge protector (location,step), electrical panel (composition), 
Step: Contact your electricity provider about meter-mounted surge protection.
Entities and attributes: electric company (knowledge), 
Step: Install GFCI outlets throughout your home.
Entities and attributes: gfci outlets (installation), gfci outlet (location,power), 
Step: Protect appliances from power outages using an uninterruptible power supply (UPS).
Entities and attributes: ups (installation,power,location), 

A person's goal is to draw a cute kawaii face (girl).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start by drawing two little oval (vertical) eyes.
Entities and attributes: ink (location,moisture), paper (decoration), face (composition), 
Step: Draw a little mouth beneath the eyes next.
Entities and attributes: ink (location,moisture), paper (decoration), face (composition), 
Step: Add some little freckles/dimples/spots.
Entities and attributes: ink (location,moisture), paper (decoration), face (composition), 
Step: Draw eyelashes on top of the eyes.
Entities and attributes: ink (location,moisture), paper (decoration), face (composition), 
Step: Add a final touch.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make pina colada cheesecake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine the cream cheese, powdered, lemon zest and vanilla until smooth.
Entities and attributes: vanilla (location), bowl (weight,cleanness), cream cheese (temperature,texture,location), spoon (cleanness), ingredients | mixture (composition,texture | consistency,organization), powdered sugar (location), lemon zest (location), zester (cleanness), 
Step: Create pineapple curd by bringing pineapple juice, sugar and cornstarch to boil in a small saucepan.
Entities and attributes: pineapple juice, sugar and cornstarch | pineapple juice (temperature), saucepan | pan | pot (temperature,volume,weight,cleanness), stove (power), ingredients | mixture (movement), juice (temperature), sugar (moisture,temperature), cornstarch (moisture), 
Step: Mix graham cracker crust by crumbling graham crackers together with the butter and sugar.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | pan | pot (temperature,cleanness,volume), graham crackers | crackers (composition | size,moisture), pie pan (cleanness,weight,fullness), graham crackers, butter and sugar (composition), ingredients | mixture (organization), butter (temperature), crust (readiness), 
Step: Toast coconut by cooking coconut flakes in a frying pan over medium heat.
Entities and attributes: coconut (color,temperature,smell), saucepan | pan | pot (temperature,cleanness,fullness,volume), stove (power), frying pan (cleanness,temperature), 
Step: Assemble the dessert.
Entities and attributes: coconut (location,moisture), curd (location), pie pan (weight), ingredients | mixture (organization), crust (coverage,moisture), dessert (wholeness), 

A person's goal is to fix sticky drawers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure that the drawer is sticking due to humidity.
Entities and attributes: cause (knowledge), 
Step: Soap up the wood.
Entities and attributes: soap (location), wood (temperature | texture,wetness), 
Step: Clean the drawers first.
Entities and attributes: drawers (cleanness), 
Step: Spray the drawers with a silicone-based lubricant.
Entities and attributes: drawers (texture), lubricant (location), 
Step: Clean up!
Entities and attributes: items (location), 

A person's goal is to make a bandanna bag.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Grab at least two bandannas in the color of your choice.
Entities and attributes: bandannas (choice), 
Step: Fold the main bandanna in half.
Entities and attributes: main bandanna | bandana | bandanna (shape,shape), 
Step: Re-fold your bandanna and sew the sides shut.
Entities and attributes: main bandanna | bandana | bandanna (shape), sides (openness), 
Step: Use your remaining bandanna to make the handle.
Entities and attributes: main bandanna | bandana | bandanna (shape), banadana (composition), 
Step: Now you have your very own bandanna bag.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make an avocado dessert.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: To easily scoop out the meat of the avocado, slice across the avocado until your knife hits the pit.
Entities and attributes: avocado (size), avacado (moisture), knife (cleanness,moisture), avocado flesh (oxidation,composition), avocado skin (composition), pit (exposure,markings), 
Step: Scoop out the meat into the bowl.
Entities and attributes: avocado (size), bowl | mixture (weight,moisture | cleanness,volume,fullness), avocado skin (attachment), spoon (cleanness), flesh | meat (location), skin (fullness), 
Step: Drizzle the avocado with the condensed milk.
Entities and attributes: avocado (wetness | moisture | sweetness), avacado (moisture), bowl | mixture (moisture | cleanness), package (shape,volume,weight), condensed milk (location), 
Step: Chill in the fridge or in the freezer.
Entities and attributes: avocado (temperature,firmness), bowl | mixture (temperature,location,volume), fridge (volume), avocado meat (temperature), mix (temperature), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a boot.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, you'll need to take measurements of your naked or socked foot (if you plan to wear socks with the boots on).
Entities and attributes: tape measure | measuring tape (location), sock (location), fingers (pressure), hand | hands (volume), foot (knowledge,texture), tape (shape), 
Step: Make a template using your measurements.
Entities and attributes: tape measure | measuring tape (location), pencil (location), paper (location,color | composition), hand | hands (motion), tape (shape), 
Step: Try it on and make adjustments.
Entities and attributes: boot (on), template (location,weight), grip (pressure), hand | hands (volume,motion), foot (texture), 
Step: Cut the final material.
Entities and attributes: material (size,shape), final material (weight), tools | tool (location), scissors (location), blades (openness), area (cleanness), 
Step: Make the lace holes.
Entities and attributes: material (shape), laces (location), tools | tool (location), arms (motion), hand | hands (volume), area (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make vegan cinnamon chocolate mousse.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mash the bananas in the mixing bowl using a fork.
Entities and attributes: fork (location), bananas (ownership,composition,location,texture), mixing bowl (cleanness,volume), 
Step: Pour in the ground almonds, cocoa powder and cinnamon.
Entities and attributes: almonds, cocoa, and cinnamon | cocoa powder (location | ownership,moisture | wetness), bowl (weight,diversity), mixture | mix (composition | temperature,texture,taste), almonds (location), ingredients (composition), cinnamon (composition), 
Step: Pour the mixture into a dish or mousse glasses for setting.
Entities and attributes: serving glass (cleanness,volume,weight), bowl (weight,volume), mixture | mix (location), dish (volume,cleanness), glass (dryness), 
Step: Place in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: fridge door | refrigerator door (openness), fridge light (electric conductivity), mixture | mix (composition | temperature), refrigerator (volume), glass (temperature,location), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: mixture | mix (composition), spoon (location), refrigerator (volume), glass (location), 

A person's goal is to help vegetables survive a dry summer season.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prefer vegetables that are hardier under dry conditions.
Entities and attributes: vegetables (knowledge), 
Step: Ensure that there is ample compost added to the soil.
Entities and attributes: soil | compost (composition | location), 
Step: Use plenty of mulch.
Entities and attributes: soil | compost (thickness), mulch (location), garden soil (coverage), 
Step: Use a soaker hose or a drip tape for watering.
Entities and attributes: water | hose (location), soil | compost (wetness | moisture), 
Step: Water the vegetable garden in the early morning.
Entities and attributes: water | hose (location), soil | compost (wetness | moisture), vegetable garden (wetness), garden (moisture), 

A person's goal is to make a ribbon wrapped headband.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Obtain any kind of cheap headband.
Entities and attributes: headband | ribbon (coverage | location,location,cost), money (location), 
Step: Any kind will do provided it is quality and comes in colors and patterns that are suitable for your needs.
Entities and attributes: headband | ribbon (shape), 
Step: Take your ribbon(s) and tie them in a double knot onto the headband.
Entities and attributes: headband | ribbon (coverage | location,shape), 
Step: If the ribbon is thick enough, you can cut a hole with scissors and put the headband through the hole############
Entities and attributes: headband | ribbon (shape,size), scissors (location), 
Step: Wrap the ribbon around the headband.
Entities and attributes: headband | ribbon (coverage | location,composition), 

A person's goal is to grow arnica.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Obtain Arnica seedlings or use a division from the root of an existing plant.
Entities and attributes: seddlings (cost), arnica seedlings (availability), root | seed (location), 
Step: Select a suitable place to grow the Arnica.
Entities and attributes: location (knowledge), 
Step: The soil should be kept moist.
Entities and attributes: water pitcher (weight), soil (moisture | wetness), water (location), 
Step: Don't worry about fertilizing.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Harvest.
Entities and attributes: flowers (location,composition), stems (length), 

A person's goal is to plan needlework projects in advance.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: The best thing you can do to make the most of your time, is to plan ahead.
Entities and attributes: project (knowledge), 
Step: Be careful not to plan too many projects within a given time.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Set a time to work on projects.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Work on uncomplicated patterns.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Make multiples of the same project.
Entities and attributes: project (amount), 

A person's goal is to make a watermelon slushie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put the watermelon chunks into the blender.
Entities and attributes: watermelon (composition | size | shape,location,ownership), blender | cups (cleanness,weight,volume,moisture | composition,emptiness), knife (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Drop the ice cubes in.
Entities and attributes: watermelon (temperature), blender | cups (weight,volume,temperature), ice (location), ice cubes (location), ingredients (temperature), 
Step: Add a spoonful of sugar.
Entities and attributes: sugar (location,moisture), spoon (cleanness,location), 
Step: Cover the blender and turn it on.
Entities and attributes: watermelon (texture), blender | cups (cleanness,electric conductivity | power,moisture | composition,sound,volume), sugar (moisture), mixture (texture), ice cubes (composition), blender cover (location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Pour into cups and enjoy.
Entities and attributes: blender | cups (weight,weight,moisture,volume,temperature), cups (cleanness), mixture (location), 

A person's goal is to recycle sawdust in a compost pile.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Ensure that your wood has not been chemically treated.
Entities and attributes: sawdust | compost (knowledge), wood (shape), 
Step: Measure the amount of sawdust you have.
Entities and attributes: sawdust | compost (knowledge,location), scale | compost pile (content,weight), container (volume), 
Step: Add the sawdust to your compost pile.
Entities and attributes: sawdust | compost (cleanness,location), scale | compost pile (content,weight,weight), 
Step: Adjust the moisture level of the compost pile.
Entities and attributes: sawdust | compost (moisture), scale | compost pile (wetness), soil (moisture), water (location), 
Step: Keep the compost pile thoroughly aerated.
Entities and attributes: scale | compost pile (closure), spade (cleanness), wooden sticks (location), carbon (location), 

A person's goal is to buy a serger.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Determine if you need a serger.
Entities and attributes: need | necessity (knowledge), 
Step: Choose a thread capability.
Entities and attributes: thread capability (availability | knowledge), 
Step: Sergers are available with a variety of bells and whistles.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Sergers can be purchased online, but it is a good idea to look at them and try them out in person.
Entities and attributes: serger (familiarity), 
Step: Ask about pricing.
Entities and attributes: price (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make mexican hot sauce.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Separate 3 jalapenos and 4 tomatoes.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes | tomato (location), tomatoes and jalapenos (location), jalapenos | 3 jalapenos (location), jalapenos and tomatoes (composition), cutting board (moisture,weight), 4 tomatos (location), fridge (fullness), counter (content), 
Step: Get 2 cups of water to boil.
Entities and attributes: water (storage | location,temperature,movement), stove (power), pot (weight,moisture,fullness), fire (location), measuring cup (content), 
Step: When the water is boiled then add the separated item.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes | tomato (location,temperature,cooked or not), separated item | separated items (wetness,temperature,location), tomato skin (tightness), water level (height), pot (weight,cover), counter (content), 
Step: When they are wrinkly and are soft when pierced with a fork, put them in a blender with the boiled water.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes and jalapenos (texture), water (color), separated item | separated items (texture,appearance), blender | mixture (cleanness,temperature,content), fork (cleanness,location), liquid (thickness), fire (location), ingredients (smoothness,hardness), 
Step: Add to a glass container and enjoy.
Entities and attributes: container | glass container (cleanness,weight,fullness | content,temperature), blended juice (storage | location), sauce (location,temperature,movement), blender | mixture (content), mouth (content), 

A person's goal is to avoid common composting mistakes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Avoid placing animal products into your compost pile.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), compost pile (orientation), 
Step: Ensure that the moisture level in your compost pile is ideal.
Entities and attributes: compost (moisture), pile (wetness), the moisture content (moisture), water (location), 
Step: Ensure that the ratio of carbon to nitrogen is ideal.
Entities and attributes: compost (composition), carbon level | nitrogen level (quantity), levels (balance), nitrogen (knowledge), carbon (knowledge), the ratio (composition), 
Step: Avoid compacting your compost too densely.
Entities and attributes: pile (composition), your compost (density), 
Step: Do not purchase earthworms or inoculation kits for your compost.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to craft a bed in minecraft.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Head back to a Workbench/ Crafting table and craft Wooden Planks.
Entities and attributes: wooden planks (availability), 
Step: Place the wool in the crafting grid.
Entities and attributes: crafting grid | wool (container | location), 
Step: Place the planks in the crafting grid.
Entities and attributes: crafting grid | wool (container | location), planks (location), 
Step: Take the bed from the crafting box.
Entities and attributes: crafting box (container), bed (location), 
Step: Place your bed wherever you would like it to go.
Entities and attributes: bed (location), 

A person's goal is to make lavender salt.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut the flower stalks into small pieces using the scissors.
Entities and attributes: stalks (length,shape), lavender (location), flowers (composition), scissors (location,cleanness,position), hand | hands (volume), flower (size), blades (cleanness), 
Step: Mix the salt and lavender flower pieces in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: salt an lavender (composition), ingredients (texture,orientation), salt (location,smell,texture), flower pieces (location), bowl (weight,volume), hand | hands (cleanness), 
Step: Pour the lavender salt into the airtight container.
Entities and attributes: lavender (texture), salt (location), mixture (location), bowl (weight,volume), hand | hands (volume), container (weight,volume), lid (location), 
Step: After two weeks, remove the lavender pieces.
Entities and attributes: lavender (location,texture), mixture (location), bowl (cleanness,volume), pieces (temperature), fridge (openness), 
Step: Store and use the salt.
Entities and attributes: refrigerator light (brightness), salt (location), pantry door (openness), mixture (location), container (location), food (taste), fridge (position), 

A person's goal is to make berry ink.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Smash & strain the berries.
Entities and attributes: berry juice | juice | pulp (location), berries (texture | shape,dryness,odor), strainer (location), liquid (location), bowl | spoon (cleanness,moisture,moisture), sink (pressure), fruit (texture), pieces (texture), 
Step: Throw the pulp away after getting all possible juice out of it.
Entities and attributes: berry juice | juice | pulp (location), sink handle (position), strainer (cleanness,moisture), bowl | spoon (cleanness), sink (pressure), fruit (texture), 
Step: Add the salt and vinegar.
Entities and attributes: vinegar and salt | vinegar (location,composition,cleanness), ingredients (texture), bottle (volume), salt (location,moisture), pantry (openness), bowl | spoon (volume), mixture (texture), 
Step: Put the newly made ink into a bottle or some kind of container.
Entities and attributes: ink (location), ingredients (texture), bottle (location), container (volume), bottles (cleanness), glass (clarity), 
Step: Use a quill pen or a feather to write with the ink.
Entities and attributes: quill (texture/wetness | moisture | texture,size), ink (location), quil (location), pen (location,cleanness), grip (pressure), tip (movement), hand (volume), paper (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make poached salmon.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place all the ingredients except the salmon in a pan and pour in the water and wine.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (composition), pan (weight,location), wine (location,dilution), 
Step: Bring to a boil over a moderate heat and simmer gently for about 40 minutes.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (temperature), mix (texture), water | mixture (temperature,movement), stove (power), heat (power), 
Step: Carefully slide the salmon into the stock and gently cook for 5 minutes.
Entities and attributes: salmon (location,texture,color,safety), 
Step: When the salmon is cooked, serve onto a plate or bowl.
Entities and attributes: salmon (location,texture), plate (weight,fullness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make rhubarb garden spray.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the rhubarb leaves into a large pot.
Entities and attributes: pan | stove | pot | leaves | water (moisture,weight,location,volume), rhubarb leaves (cleanness,composition), water faucet (power), leaves (location), water (location), 
Step: Bring to the boil and then simmer for 20 minutes to half an hour.
Entities and attributes: pan | stove | pot | leaves | water (temperature,temperature,electric conductivity,wetness), rhubarb leaves (composition), leaves (shape | start), mix (temperature), 
Step: Strain off the leaves.
Entities and attributes: pan | stove | pot | leaves | water (weight,moisture,temperature,hardness), leaves (location,shape | start), strainer (cleanness,location,weight), water (location), 
Step: The solution should be diluted 1 part solution and 9 parts water; in other words, add 9 litres / 2.3 gallons water to create the spray.
Entities and attributes: water faucet (power), spray bottle (volume,weight,location,cleanness), solution (composition), bottle (volume), 
Step: Use.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle (location), solution (location), 

A person's goal is to make bubble blowing tools.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make a large bubble wand.
Entities and attributes: straw (shape), bubble wand (availability), 
Step: Bend the pipe cleaner into a neat circle or shape (moon, heart, star, etc.)
Entities and attributes: pipe cleaner (shape), 
Step: Use your own fingers.
Entities and attributes: fingers (texture | cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Use a turkey baster.
Entities and attributes: turkey baster (cleanness,moisture,texture), 
Step: Look for items with lots of holes and potential.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make mediterranean potato salad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wash and cut each potato into quarters or smaller pieces.
Entities and attributes: potato's | potato | potatoes (size | temperature,cleanliness | cleanness), knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture,moisture), pot | water (clarity), skin (temperature), pieces (cleanness), sink (pressure), hands (texture), 
Step: Steam or cook the potato pieces in water for 10 to 12 minutes.
Entities and attributes: potato's | potato | potatoes (size | temperature,location,temperature,texture | hardness,dryness), pot | water (temperature,movement,location), water (location), stovetop (temperature), stove (temperature,power), 
Step: Drain the potatoes through a strainer and place the cooked potatoes in a bowl.
Entities and attributes: potato's | potato | potatoes (location,wetness), bowl (cleanness), strainer (cleanness,moisture,temperature,location), pot | water (weight,volume), water (location), colander (location,weight), food (temperature), 
Step: Add the red peppers, dressing, and parsley to the bowl.
Entities and attributes: potato's | potato | potatoes (temperature), bowl (cleanness,volume,location), dressing | parsley (location,texture), red peppers | red pepper (location), ingredients (texture), toppings (temperature), 
Step: Fold all of the ingredients and mix well.
Entities and attributes: potato's | potato | potatoes (size | temperature,location), bowl (weight,coverage), strainer (volume,weight), ingredients (composition,organization,texture), mixing tool (cleanness), fingers (pressure), wrist (stability), arm (motion), hand (volume), 

A person's goal is to paint stairs in regular use.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Work from the top of the stairs to the base.
Entities and attributes: worker (location), top stairs (status), painter (location), brush (wetness), 
Step: Paint every other step.
Entities and attributes: stairs | steps (color,wetness,stickiness), steps | remaining steps (color | status), every other step (status), 
Step: Allow each step to dry.
Entities and attributes: stairs | steps (wetness), paint (dryness), 
Step: Once dry, paint the remaining steps.
Entities and attributes: stairs | steps (wetness,stickiness), steps | remaining steps (color | status), 
Step: Do any touch ups required.
Entities and attributes: steps | remaining steps (color | status), touchups (status), 

A person's goal is to make a pear centerpiece.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the items needed.
Entities and attributes: items (location,cost,ownership), materials (organization), work space (availability), 
Step: Arrange the greenery around the base of the bowl, plate or stand.
Entities and attributes: bowl | table (location), greenery | leaves (location,arrangement), bowl, plate or stand (decoration), space around bowl (form), 
Step: Wash the pears first and ensure that they're dry before proceeding.
Entities and attributes: pears (moisture,location,cleanness), ribbon (location), soap (location), water (location), sink (composition), hands (availability), 
Step: Arrange the pears on the stand or in the bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl | table (weight,volume,fullness,availability), pears (orientation,location,composition | arrangement), 
Step: Place in the center of the table.
Entities and attributes: bowl | table (volume,composition | adornment,location), table space (availability), 

A person's goal is to make guava barbecue sauce.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add all of the ingredients except for the salt/pepper in a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | sauce (weight,cleanlinedss | cleanness,emptiness), mixture | ingredients (location,composition), 
Step: Cook the mixture on a medium high heat.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | sauce (temperature), mixture | ingredients (temperature,temperature), mix (composition), 
Step: Season the sauce with salt and pepper.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | sauce (taste), salt and pepper (placement), pepper (location), salt (location), 
Step: Lower the heat to a medium low temperature and continue simmering for an additional 10 to 15 minutes.
Entities and attributes: mixture | ingredients (temperature), sauce (temperature), stove (temperature), 
Step: Serve the sauce immediately.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | sauce (location), 

A person's goal is to prepare trees to avoid root rot.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plan the placement of trees well.
Entities and attributes: placement (choice | knowledge), pen (location), writing (sound), hand (volume,motion), ink (volume), 
Step: Remove any diseased stumps, roots, etc.
Entities and attributes: stumps | roots (location,length), planting area | soil (pressure), tree (weight), shovel (location), ground (cleanness), 
Step: Prepare the planting area with good drainage and compost.
Entities and attributes: compost bag (openness), planting area | soil (readiness), grass (cleanness), compost (location), muscles (temperature), shovel (location), hands (pressure), dirt (pressure), 
Step: Avoid damaging the roots when planting.
Entities and attributes: pants (color), breathing (pressure), gloves (cleanness), knees (position), skin (texture), ground (texture), 
Step: Feed the tree.
Entities and attributes: fertilizer (location), tree (texture,location), hose (location), water (power), dirt (cleanness), plants (temperature), 

A person's goal is to make a stick in a can.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather the supplies that you will need.
Entities and attributes: can | container (location), supplies (organization,location,ownership), hand | hands (volume), stick (location), person (position), room (cleanness), legs (motion), 
Step: Position the stick into the can.
Entities and attributes: can | container (volume | shape,location), hand | hands (pressure), stick (location,orientation), arms (motion), 
Step: Using the hammer and nails, start two holes for the screws in the can.
Entities and attributes: can | container (volume | shape,composition), nail | nails (location), hand | hands (volume), hammer (location,speed), grip (pressure), 
Step: Mix in your cement and pour it into the can.
Entities and attributes: can | container (weight,volume | shape,moisture), mix | mixture (temperature), hand | hands (volume), mixing tool (cleanness), cement (texture,moisture | composition,location), shoulder (motion), 
Step: Wait for the mixture to dry completely before using it.
Entities and attributes: mix | mixture (moisture | texture), cement (moisture | composition), 

A person's goal is to cut a lemon half with a knot.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut the lemon in half.
Entities and attributes: lemon (size | shape), knife (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Cut a very thin layer off the base of the lemon half.
Entities and attributes: lemon half (shape,thickness), base (thickness), knife (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Cut around most of the top edge of the lemon half:
Entities and attributes: edge of lemon (size), peel (location), knife (cleanness,moisture), edges (width), 
Step: Tie the strip into a neat knot.
Entities and attributes: peel (organization), strip (shape), 
Step: Done.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to build a capacitor.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill a non-metallic vessel (such as a paper cup, or a plastic bottle) with warm saltwater.
Entities and attributes: vessel (volume | fullness,moisture | wetness,weight), water (location,temperature), salt (location,moisture), bottle (volume), cup (volume), 
Step: Wrap the outside of the vessel with aluminum foil, or tin foil.
Entities and attributes: vessel (cover), foil | nail | knife (location,shape), aluminum foil or tin foil (location), cup (volume), 
Step: Place a metal object (such as a knife, a nail, etc) in the saltwater.
Entities and attributes: vessel (weight), foil | nail | knife (location,moisture,location), object | metal object (moisture | wetness,location,location), 
Step: Charge it up, by applying the voltage from an ordinary household battery, to both terminals.
Entities and attributes: household battery (location), capacitor (charging), battery (organization), 
Step: Congratulations, you have a working capacitor, capable of holding an electric charge!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to get vs seeker in pokémon firered.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fly or walk to Vermillion City.
Entities and attributes: game boy controls | game boy (knowledge of knowledge | availability), character location (location), love for gaming (strength), player (knowledge), 
Step: Enter the Pokémon Center.
Entities and attributes: pokémon center | areas available within  pokémon center (knowledge of location | knowledge), what "trainers" are (knowledge of knowledge), character (location), player (location), 
Step: Find the lady with purple hair and talk to her.
Entities and attributes: how to use the vs seeker (knowledge of knowledge), lady with purple hair (location), what to ask the lady (knowledge of knowlwedge), 
Step: She will talk about wanting to find battles with people you&#x27;ve battled with over and over again, and give you one of the things that would help with finding trainers.
Entities and attributes: trainers (location), people you have already battled (location of knowledge), trainer locations (knowledge), vs seeker (location), 
Step: You got a VS Seeker!.
Entities and attributes: character level before using the vs seeker (magnitude), how to charge vs seeker (knowledge of knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make pepper jack mac and cheese.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit (200 degrees Celsius).
Entities and attributes: oven (temperature | temperatur,electric conductivity), temperature button (magnitude), 
Step: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Entities and attributes: water faucet (power), pot (volume,temperature,cleanness), pasta (texture,location), salt (location), lightly salted water (temperature,property), fire (power), water (taste,storage), 
Step: Beat 2 eggs and mix them in with milk, onions, garlic, salt, pepper and butter.
Entities and attributes: salt, pepper, and garlic | salt, pepper (location), eggs, milk, and butter | butter (location), salt and peper (moisture), milk (location), garlic, onion (shape), eggs (composition), bowl (cleanness,volume), 2 eggs (appearance), ingredients (composition,combination), 
Step: Pour into casserole dish.
Entities and attributes: dish (weight), casserole dish (cleanness,volume | content,weight), mixture | mixed ingredients (location | storage), mixing bowl | bowl (weight,volume | content), 
Step: Make the final adjustments to finish this recipe off.
Entities and attributes: casserole dish (location,temperature), mixture | mixed ingredients (taste), toppings (composition), mac (storage,utensil,texture), 

A person's goal is to create khameleon from mortal kombat in ps2.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make the character female.
Entities and attributes: characted (step), gender (knowledge), character (gender), 
Step: Create the face figure as "reptile" with 1,9 coloured eyes.
Entities and attributes: face (species), 
Step: Choose the studded belt, double armband, and full retro ninja outfit (with a colour of 1,10) for clothes and accessories.
Entities and attributes: armband (knowledge), belt (knowledge), outfit (knowledge), 
Step: Choose your own voice, fighting styles, and other essentials.
Entities and attributes: fighting style (knowledge), voice (knowledge), 
Step: Get the "reptile" for the ending since they are the same race and their entire race was almost wiped out.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make violet marmalade.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Crush the violets to a pulp using a mortar and pestle.
Entities and attributes: violets (form,brightness), mortar & pestle (volume), mortar (volume,cleanness | moisture), pestle (cleanness,moisture,volume), 
Step: Boil the sugar in a heavy-based saucepan.
Entities and attributes: sugar (wetness | moisture,location,temperature,granularity), saucepan (temperature,moisture), sugar mixture (sound), stove (power,temperature), water (temperature), 
Step: Add the crushed violets to the boiled sugar and mix.
Entities and attributes: violets (location,temperature), mix (composition), saucepan (odor), boiled sugar (color), essence (location), syrup (temperature,taste,thickness), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Add the apple marmalade and stir together.
Entities and attributes: apple marmalade | marmalade (location,composition,temperature,temperature), saucepan (weight), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Pour into jars and seal.
Entities and attributes: jars (volume,temperature,organization), saucepan (volume), recipe (knowledge), funnel (cleanness), mixure (location), 

A person's goal is to quieten water pipes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Locate the troublesome pipes.
Entities and attributes: water pipes | pipes (sound,knowledge), water pressure (pressure), 
Step: Select appropriate pipe wrapping.
Entities and attributes: wrapping materials (location), wrapping (knowledge), money (usage), 
Step: Cut the material that you are using to wrap the pipes to the required length.
Entities and attributes: water pipes | pipes (cover | coverage), material (size | shape), wire (shape), tape (location), pipe (sound), 
Step: Attach the wrapping material to the floor joists or similar solid object using nail-on metal pipe strapping.
Entities and attributes: metal pipe strapping (location), wrapping (organization), material (organization), wrapping material (shape), room (sound), floor joists (composition), hammer (action), nails (storage), 
Step: Continue covering the area affected.
Entities and attributes: water pipes | pipes (cover | coverage), wire (shape), 

A person's goal is to draw a bow and arrow.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Draw the body of the bow.
Entities and attributes: ink | paint (location | paper,moisture), pencil | pencil tip (material | shape,location), line (drawing), arm | arms (motion), eraser (cleanness), hand | hands (action | volume | motion), paper (appearance,cleanness), 
Step: Draw a straight line from one tip of the bow to the other.
Entities and attributes: ink | paint (location | paper,moisture), pencil | pencil tip (material | shape,location), line (drawing,picture), fingers (pressure), hand | hands (action | volume | motion), paper (appearance,volume), 
Step: Draw six rectangle shapes for the feathers like this.
Entities and attributes: drawing (drawing,picture), ink | paint (location | paper,moisture), pencil | pencil tip (material | shape), arm | arms (motion), eraser (cleanness), table (cleanness), hand | hands (pressure,action | volume | motion), paper (appearance), 
Step: Draw a pointy triangle for the tip of the arrow that does not have feathers.
Entities and attributes: drawing (drawing,complexity), ink | paint (location | paper,moisture), pencil | pencil tip (material | shape,location), hand | hands (action | volume | motion), grip (pressure), paper (appearance), 
Step: Paint your image.
Entities and attributes: paint container (container), paintbrush (cleanness,moisture), brush | bristles (wetness | texture,cleanness), drawing (color,wetness), ink | paint (location | paper,moisture), pallet (container,location), paint (location), table (cleanness), image (appearance), paper (appearance,volume), container (volume), 

A person's goal is to make a quick microwaved pita bread &quot;pizza&quot;.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the pita bread.
Entities and attributes: pita bread | bread | spoon (location,readiness), pita | pizza (orientation), sauce (location), pepperoni (location), cheese (location), plate (cleanness,volume), 
Step: Get the tomato sauce and spread it on the pizza base using a spoon.
Entities and attributes: can of sauce (shape), pita bread | bread | spoon (moisture), spoon (cleanness), pita | pizza (color), pizza (composition), sauce (location), tomato sauce (location), jar (volume), 
Step: Add any type of your favorite toppings on the pizza.
Entities and attributes: seasoning (location), pita | pizza (texture), pizza (spiciness), pepperoni (location), sausage (shape), 
Step: Place the pizza in the microwave.
Entities and attributes: pita | pizza (location,volume,temperature), microwave (electric conductivity,fullness | volume,temperature), plate (temperature), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: pita | pizza (location,temperature), 

A person's goal is to make red lentil and bulgur pilaf (for backpacking).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix all the ingredients well.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (organization | taste,location,ownership,availability,composition), red lentils | red lentil (location), mixing bowl | bowl (volume,cleanness,location,cleanness), bulgur (location), container (emptiness), 
Step: Keep in the freezer in a bag or a hermetically sealed container.
Entities and attributes: airtight container (cleanness,volume,weight), mixture | pilaf | bag or container (location,temperature), mixing bowl | bowl (weight,volume), 
Step: The morning of departure, bring 550 ml ( 2 1/4 cups) of water to boil.
Entities and attributes: mixture | pilaf | bag or container (composition), water (location,temperature), water faucet (power), burner | pot | stove | pan (temperature,electric conductivity,moisture,location), 
Step: Take out the orange peel and the bay leaf and pour the remaining contents into a thermos.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (temperature), thermos (volume | emptiness,cleanness,weight,temperature), orange peel and bay leaf (composition), mixture | pilaf | bag or container (location), burner | pot | stove | pan (volume), orange peel (location), bay leaf (location), pan (weight), 
Step: Consume during your ski or hiking lunch break.
Entities and attributes: thermos (fullness), lid to thermos (location), fork (cleanness,location), person (satiety), 

A person's goal is to make a wooden spoon puppet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make the puppet's face.
Entities and attributes: spoon (appearance | shape,color), paintbrush | paint (cleanness,moisture), paint (location), 
Step: Use masking tape to stick pieces of tissue paper and scrap material to your wooden spoon for clothing (or scales, armour etc.).
Entities and attributes: spoon (appearance | shape,composition), tape | fabric (location), masking tape (location), tissue paper (location), 
Step: Create the puppet's arms and legs.
Entities and attributes: puppet (shape), puppet arms | puppet legs (availability), 
Step: Add feathers to the head of your wooden spoon puppet.
Entities and attributes: feathers (shape,location,organization), glue (location,moisture), 
Step: Make more puppets.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make slow cooker au gratin potatoes and ham.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make the potato layers.
Entities and attributes: cheese block (composition), slow cooker (fullness,cleanness,weight), ham (composition,shape,location), potatoes (shape,location), ingredients (composition), pan | pot (weight,volume), 
Step: Make the soup mixture.
Entities and attributes: soup | soup mixture (location,composition,temperature), spoon | bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness,temperature), potatoes (composition), ingredients (organization), flour (moisture), milk (temperature), 
Step: Pour the mixture on top of the potato layers.
Entities and attributes: soup | soup mixture (location), slow cooker (moisture), soup bowl (weight,temperature), ham (moisture), spoon | bowl (weight,volume), potatoes (shape), sauce (location), pan | pot (volume,weight,cleanness), cheese (moisture), 
Step: Set the slow cooker on high for one hour.
Entities and attributes: crock pot | cooker (temperature,power), slow cooker (temperature), potatoes (temperature,texture | hardness,shape), display (lighting), timer (power), pan | pot (temperature), cheese (texture), stove (electric conductivity), 
Step: Cook on low for 6 to 8 hours.
Entities and attributes: soup | soup mixture (temperature,composition), crock pot | cooker (openness), ham (texture), potatoes (temperature,texture | hardness,shape), pan | pot (cleanness), stove (temperature,electric conductivity), 

A person's goal is to find air leaks in your home.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use the hand test to find air leaks.
Entities and attributes: air leaks (knowledge), leak | leaks (knowledge), house | home (temperature), you (focus), observation (skill), attention (focus), energy (power), hand (location), air (location), 
Step: Find smaller leaks with the candle test.
Entities and attributes: the candle (temperature,weight,length), leak | leaks (knowledge), the wick (length), you (utilization | cost), candle wax (shape), match (location), flame (stability), 
Step: Depressurize your house to find links all over your home.
Entities and attributes: leak | leaks (knowledge), house | home (pressure), interior doors (orientation), firewood ashes (cleanness), loose papers (organization), 
Step: Use an air leak detector to find your leaks.
Entities and attributes: detector (electric conductivity), leak | leaks (knowledge), air leak detector (step,location,skill), house | home (condition), you (utilization | cost), 
Step: Hire a contractor to do a blower door test.
Entities and attributes: the doorway (coverage), the door (openness), house | home (organization), test (completion), you (utilization | cost), blower test (skill), smoke pecil (skill), contractor (cost), 

A person's goal is to get a golden shovel in animal crossing wild world.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Buy two shovels from Tom Nook's store.
Entities and attributes: shovels | shovel (availability | knowledge), money (location), 
Step: Equip yourself with one of the shovels.
Entities and attributes: shovels | shovel (availability | knowledge), 
Step: Dig a hole with the shovel.
Entities and attributes: shovels | shovel (cleanness), hole (location,availability), ground (shape), soil | dirt (location), 
Step: Go into your inventory and select the other shovel.
Entities and attributes: shovels | shovel (availability | knowledge), 
Step: Wait 24 hours.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a caribou loo cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Caribou Lou can be made as a single mixed drink or in a large batch depending on your parties needs.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Combine ingredients into mixing container of your choice (cocktail strainer, blender, etc.
Entities and attributes: cocktail mixer | cocktail strainer (fullness | volume,cleanness,moisture), juice | ice (location), ingredients (composition,location), mixing container (container), blender (moisture,volum), 
Step: Mix or shake ingredients.
Entities and attributes: lid (location), ingredients (composition,organization,stability), 
Step: Add ice (crushed is recommended).
Entities and attributes: juice | ice (location,container), drink (temperature), mixture (temperature), mixer (composition), 
Step: Serve cold.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to rejuvenate tapestry furniture.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Do not make it wet, just moist.
Entities and attributes: furniture | fabric (moisture | wetness), water (location), tapestry (moisture), 
Step: Using a soft cloth, rub the dampened salt across the tapestry surface of the piece of furniture.
Entities and attributes: furniture | fabric (cleanness,moisture | wetness), salt (location,moisture), surface (texture), cloth (cleanness,moisture), stain (location), 
Step: Leave the salt there for half an hour.
Entities and attributes: salt (moisture), 
Step: Brush the salt off using a soft brush.
Entities and attributes: brush (cleanness | moisture), furniture | fabric (cleanness,granularity), salt (location), 
Step: Stand back and admire.
Entities and attributes: light (brightness), 

A person's goal is to make a crab and spring onion omelette.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Into a bowl add the crab meat, chopped spring onion and chopped chilli.
Entities and attributes: spring onion (location), ingredients (composition), chili (location | shape), bowl (cleanness,weight,fullness | volume), onion (composition), crab meat (taste,location), cutting board (fullness), knife (cleanness), 
Step: Break the eggs into a bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl (fullness | volume,wetness | moisture,cleanness), eggs (location,shape,temperature), eggshell (composition), 
Step: Place the frying pan on a medium heat.
Entities and attributes: pan | burner | frying pan (temperature,location), stove knob (orientation), eggs (location,form), stove (power,use), stove top (power), oven dial (orientation), 
Step: Place the crab mixture on the omelette.
Entities and attributes: pan | burner | frying pan (weight), crab  mixture | crab mixture | crab (location,temperature), omlette (composition), omelette (weight,composition), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: pan | burner | frying pan (temperature), crab omelette (location), a recipe (knowledge), plate (weight), 

A person's goal is to make an anti static wipe for computer screens.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the things you'll need, as listed below.
Entities and attributes: fabric softener (location), items (location), things (availability), your things (location), 
Step: In a medium size bowl, mix the liquid fabric softener, water and drops of essential oil (if using).
Entities and attributes: liquid fabric softener (location), water (location), the ingredients (composition), essential oil (location), bowl (volume | container,fullness), the bowl | spoon (weight,wetness,volume), 
Step: Pour the mixture into a spray bottle.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), the liquid in the bowl (depth), spray bottle (fullness | container), the mixture (location), the bottle (weight,wetness), 
Step: Spray direct onto the fabric squares that you've chosen.
Entities and attributes: fabric square (wetness), the fabric squares (wetness), fabric (wetness), the mixture (location), the bottle (weight), the fabric (weight), 
Step: Repeat as often as needed.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to paint papier mâché.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Apply white Gesso all over your creation, making sure you paint Gesso into any corners and creases You may require several layers to ensure a smooth base all over, so let it dry completely between applications.
Entities and attributes: paint brush | paintbrush | paint | art project (cleanness | moisture,wetness | moisture), art project | creation (color), gesso (location,moisture), paper mache (thickness), spoon (moisture), 
Step: Once dry and smooth, begin to paint the colours.
Entities and attributes: paint brush | paintbrush | paint | art project (cleanness | moisture,location), art project | creation (color), gesso (moisture), papier mache (moisture), paper mache (wetness), 
Step: It is the most popular paint for this, because it dries nice and bright, and it is also waterproof.
Entities and attributes: paper mache (color), 
Step: Once everything is painted, apply the details.
Entities and attributes: paint brush | paintbrush | paint | art project (complexity), paper mache (complexity), ink (location,moisture), details (status), 

A person's goal is to make spicy vegan pasta sauce.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place a 2-6 quart pot on stove and turn to medium heat, add olive oil.
Entities and attributes: pan | pot | oil (temperature | volume,temperature,location,cleanness), stove (power), oil (location), stove dial (location), stove top (coverage), 
Step: After 2 minutes, add garlic and green onions, sauté for only 1 minute to prevent the garlic from turning brown.
Entities and attributes: garlic and onions | garlic and green onions (texture | hardness,temperature), ingredients (composition), pan | pot | oil (taste), green onions (composition), garlic (composition), 
Step: Stir in crushed tomatoes, water, sugar, salt, and black pepper.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes | crushed tomatoes (location), miture (composition), pan | pot | oil (weight), salt (moisture), 
Step: Cook on medium-low heat for 30-40 minutes until the sauce begins to thicken, stirring every 5-10 minutes.
Entities and attributes: mixture (temperature), spoon (cleanness), sauce (movement,thickness), 
Step: Remove from heat, garnish with fresh basil, and serve.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location,color), pan | pot | oil (temperature,volume), basil (temperature), food (completion), 

A person's goal is to protect children during a home renovation.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Hire a kid-friendly contractor.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Erect barriers around the work area if possible.
Entities and attributes: barriers (location,assembly), children (allowance), work area (openness), 
Step: Make alternative areas available.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Explain to your children the importance of staying away from the work area.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Schedule the work while the children will be out of the home.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to hold a soap bubble contest.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Provide each child with a bubble blower and prepare two basins of soap suds for the game.
Entities and attributes: basin (moisture,fullness,cleanness,weight), bubble blowers (location,moisture), water | water basin (clarity,location), soap (location), 
Step: Divide the company into two sides, an even number in each.
Entities and attributes: company (location), yard (clarity), kids (composition), people (location), guests (composition), 
Step: Stretch a cord or rope at a medium height across the middle of the room.
Entities and attributes: cord (tightness | tautness), room (division), 
Step: Two children, one from each side, play at a time.
Entities and attributes: child (location), 
Step: Keep the score.
Entities and attributes: paper (color), 

A person's goal is to make apple mint tea cooler.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour the boiling water over the teabags in a small mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: water faucet (power), bowl | mixing bowl | water (weight,cleanness,moisture,volume,temperature), mixing bowl (weight), water | cool water (location), teabags (temperature,moisture | wetness,locatoin), stove top (power), stove (electric conductivity), 
Step: Leave to brew for 2–3 minutes.
Entities and attributes: tea leaes | tea bag | tea (moisture,age,temperature), bowl | mixing bowl | water (volume,temperature,cleanness), water | cool water (composition,color | odor,taste), tea leaves (hydration), steam (location), time (stability), 
Step: Pour in the cold water.
Entities and attributes: liquid in mixing bowl (temperature), tea leaes | tea bag | tea (taste,temperature), bowl | mixing bowl | water (weight,volume,fullness,temperature), water | cool water (location), faucet (power), steam (location), 
Step: Add the apple wedges and mint.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness,texture), tea leaes | tea bag | tea (odor), apple (location,cleanness,composition,shape | size,moisture), mint leaves (form), mint (location,cleanness,moisture), apple core (location), leaves (moisture), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: tea leaes | tea bag | tea (location), ice cubes | ice (location,temperature,size), bowl | mixing bowl | water (volume,temperature), beverage (location), glasses (weight,volume), cups (cleanness), a person's hand (ownership), tea pitcher (weight), drink (temperature), recipe (knowledge), mixture (temperature), 

A person's goal is to make easy microwave mac and cheese.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add uncooked macaroni noodles.
Entities and attributes: macaroni | macaroni noodles (location), microwave cup (location), noodles (moisture,edibility,texture,weight), mug (container), bowl | box (volume), 
Step: Add milk or water to the mug.
Entities and attributes: macaroni | macaroni noodles (wetness), microwave (electric conductivity,temperature), liquid (location), noodles (moisture,texture), water (location), milk (location), mug (wetness), 
Step: Add finely shredded cheese.
Entities and attributes: cheese | shredded cheese (location,shape | location,temperature,texture), microwave (volume | container | location), ingredients (organization), bowl | box (volume,cleanness), 
Step: Place the mug in the microwave oven and microwave on high for 5 minutes or until the noodles are fully cooked and let it cook.
Entities and attributes: macaroni | macaroni noodles (texture | taste,temperature), microwave (volume | container | location,placement,temperature), noodles (temperature,taste | temperature,hardness,moisture), mixture (temperature), bowl | box (temperature), 
Step: Remove from microwave.
Entities and attributes: macaroni | macaroni noodles (texture | taste), microwave (volume | container | location,electric conductivity,temperature,cleanness), noodles (location), 

A person's goal is to get zero suit samus straight away on super smash bros.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose Samus as your player.
Entities and attributes: samus (knowledge), 
Step: Press and hold the + and - buttons.
Entities and attributes: buttons (location), 
Step: Keep holding them while you choose a stage.
Entities and attributes: stage (step), 
Step: Start the game while keep pressing the buttons.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Done!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make blackcurrant jasmine tea mix.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Tip all of the ingredients into a small bowl.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | tea | mixture (composition | organization,location,moisture), bowl (weight,cleanness,location,volume,moisture), water (location), 
Step: Gently mix the ingredients together.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | tea | mixture (composition | organization), spoon (cleanness,location), 
Step: Pour the mix into an airtight tea canister until ready for use.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | tea | mixture (location), tea canister (volume,openness), bowl (weight,volume), 
Step: Place the tea into a teapot or teabag cover or infuser.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | tea | mixture (moisture,location,temperature), tea ingredients (wetness,temperature), canister (volume), teapot | tea cup (moisture,volume,weight,cleanness), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | tea | mixture (location), teapot | tea cup (volume,weight,cleanness), 

A person's goal is to get rid of house flies with cloves.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take a sweet and ripe apple (any kind).
Entities and attributes: apple | apple with cloves (location,composition | taste,hardness,temperature), apples (cost), picnic table (content), bag (weight), hand (orientation), 
Step: Take 20 –30 cloves.
Entities and attributes: cloves (orientation,location,condition,moisture), garlic skin (location), person (orientation), 
Step: Poke the cloves randomly into the apple.
Entities and attributes: apple | apple with cloves (composition | taste,weight,appearance), cloves (location,moisture), flies (viability,location), apple juice (location), knife (cleanness), 
Step: Place the newly clove-decorated apple on a plate and place it in the middle of the picnic table.
Entities and attributes: apple | apple with cloves (location), plate with newly decorated apple (location), plate (cleanness,location,content), 
Step: Watch.
Entities and attributes: flies (appearance), surrounding (quietness), 

A person's goal is to force eject a disc stuck in your xbox 360.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove the faceplate from the console.
Entities and attributes: faceplate (organization | location), console (coverage,location), hand | hands (volume), lights | light (brightness), tool (location), 
Step: Straighten out a length of paper clip as best you can.
Entities and attributes: hand | hands (volume), paper clip (shape,location), fingers (pressure), chair (volume), head (position), 
Step: Place the long end of the paper clip in the hole on the very left.
Entities and attributes: console (power), hand | hands (motion), paper clip (location), fingers (pressure), hole (volume), device (openness), 
Step: Using a flashlight, place the end of the paper clip in the teeth on the right side of the gears and push.
Entities and attributes: flashlight (location), console (brightness), hand | hands (pressure), paper clip (location), lights | light (brightness), gears (movement), finger (movement), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to use chervil.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Grow your own chervil.
Entities and attributes: the chervil (size | weight,shape,length), the planter (weight), chervil (location), pot (weight), 
Step: Cut chervil with kitchen scissors.
Entities and attributes: the chervil (size | weight,shape,length,location), the planter (weight), chervil (length,shape,size), the scissors (wetness), 
Step: Add chervil at the end of cooking time.
Entities and attributes: the chervil (location,wetness,temperature), meal | soup (taste), the pot (weight,volume), the food (composition), 
Step: Use chervil where you would use parsley.
Entities and attributes: the chervil (size | weight,shape,length), you (use), the knife (wetness), 
Step: Be very generous with it when used raw in salads.
Entities and attributes: the chervil (location), chervil (size), 

A person's goal is to turn off a street light.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Grab a laser pointer or other very bright hand held light.
Entities and attributes: laser pointer | laser (power,location,availability), street lightq (power), pointer (ownership,location), hand | head (container), 
Step: ######Locate the photocell at or near the top of the street light.
Entities and attributes: photocell (knowledge), streetlight (identification), hand | head (orientation), eyes (shape), 
Step: ######Direct your light source at the photocell and wait a few seconds.
Entities and attributes: laser pointer | laser (electric conductivity), light source (orientation | position), laser (focus), hand | head (orientation), 
Step: ######Your street light should now be turned off for 7 to 10 minutes.
Entities and attributes: street (color), street light | light (electric conductivity,electric conductivity | brightness), light source (orientation | position), hand | head (location,orientation), 
Step: ######If you find that the light has turned back on, simply start again at step two.
Entities and attributes: street light | light (electric conductivity | brightness), light source (orientation | position), hand | head (location,orientation), 

A person's goal is to build a film can cannon without a film can.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put wires through a Tic-Tac box.
Entities and attributes: wires | soldering iron | wire (location), knowledge of what film can cannon is (knowledge), tic tac box | tic-tac box (volume | container), gauge of wires to be used (knowledge), tic tacs (location), 
Step: Solder the wires to something that can light them.
Entities and attributes: wires | soldering iron | wire (temperature,organization), solder | knowledge of what solder is (temperature,knowledge | availability), soldering gun (electric conductivity,temperature,location,power), something to light wires (location), 
Step: There are many varieties of fuel for this cannon.
Entities and attributes: wires | soldering iron | wire (stability), options for fuels to use (knowledge), perfume | perfumes (location), tic tac box lid (openness), 
Step: If you aren't already outside, go into your front or backyard, put the cannon on the ground, and flick on the lighter.
Entities and attributes: cannon (location), lighter (location,temperature), placement of device (location), rocket (motion), flame (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: building a cannon without a film can (possibility), cannon (location), pride in oneself (magnitude), 

A person's goal is to make a frozen mango strawberry smoothie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Chop the strawberries and mangoes into small pieces.
Entities and attributes: strawberries and mangoes | strawberries | mangoes | fruit (wholeness,size,size), strawberry (composition), cutting board | knife (cleanness,moisture), knife (cleanness), 
Step: Put the chopped strawberries and mangoes in a container, then into the freezer.
Entities and attributes: strawberries and mangoes | strawberries | mangoes | fruit (location,temperature,temperature,hardness), fruit | mangoes (location,hardness), container (location,temperature), 
Step: Put the strawberries and mangoes in the blender.
Entities and attributes: strawberries and mangoes | strawberries | mangoes | fruit (location,size,size), fruit | mangoes (location), glasses or cups | cups | blender (volume,electric conductivity), mix (composition), blender (cleanness), 
Step: Add nutmeg and cinnamon.
Entities and attributes: fruit | mangoes (taste), cinnamon (location), nutmeg and cinnamon | nutmeg (location), smoothie (taste), 
Step: Serve in small glasses or cups.
Entities and attributes: fruit | mangoes (texture), glasses or cups | cups | blender (cleanness,weight,weight,volume), blender (weight), smoothie (location), glass (volume), 

A person's goal is to care for the rubber seal of a pressure cooker.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: After removing the lid from the pressure cooker, run cold water over the rubber ring.
Entities and attributes: water faucet | sink faucet handle (power | orientation), ring | rubber ring | lid | sink | water (moisture,moisture | wetness,temperature,composition,wetness), pressure cooker (temperature), 
Step: Wash the ring separately from the lid.
Entities and attributes: ring | rubber ring | lid | sink | water (moisture,composition,cleanness,cleanness), dish soap (location), 
Step: Air dry the rubber ring on a drying rack.
Entities and attributes: ring | rubber ring | lid | sink | water (moisture,moisture | wetness,location), drying rack (moisture,fullness), 
Step: Store the ring separately from the lid.
Entities and attributes: ring | rubber ring | lid | sink | water (location,location), lid (location), drawer (volume), 
Step: Replace the rubber seals once they have deteriorated.
Entities and attributes: ring | rubber ring | lid | sink | water (cost), rubber seals (availability,ownership | location), old rubber seal (location), new rubber seal (location), 

A person's goal is to prevent injuries from playing wii fit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Avoid standing on the edge of the Wii Fit balance board.
Entities and attributes: foot (orientation), 
Step: Make sure that you warm up before you start playing.
Entities and attributes: muscles (flexibility), your muscles (temperature), arm (position), you (flexibility), 
Step: Make sure that the area around you is clear of both people and objects before you start.
Entities and attributes: area (area,orientation), 
Step: Avoid placing all of your weight on one side while you are playing balance games.
Entities and attributes: weight (orientation), 
Step: Glance at the instruction booklet that comes with your Wii Fit balance board.
Entities and attributes: eyesight (clarity), instruction booklet (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make low glycemic chocolate pudding.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put all of the chocolate chips into the food processor and pulse it until the chips are coarsely chopped.
Entities and attributes: food processor (cleanness,power,location), chips (size), bowl (weight), blade | blades (cleanness), chocolate chips (composition | size,location), chocolate (firmness), processor (sound), bag (volume), plug (location), 
Step: In your pot, heat the coconut milk, Xylitol and the coconut oil until it simmers.
Entities and attributes: milk and oil | coconut oil | coconut milk (temperature,location,location), coconut milk, xylitol and the coconut oil (temperature), mixture | liquid (pressure), xylitol (location), pot (cleanness,fullness,temperature), stove (power), 
Step: Pour the hot milk mixture into the food processor.
Entities and attributes: food processor (fullness | volume,weight,temperature), mixture | liquid (location), chips (temperature), milk mixture | milk (temperature,location), hand (pressure), chocolate (temperature), pot (volume,cleanness), stove (power), 
Step: Process in in the food processor until it is smooth.
Entities and attributes: food processor lid (cleanness), food processor (power), mixture | liquid (thickness,texture,color), blade | blades (cleanness), processor cup (motion), chocolate (composition), kitchen (sound), pot (volume), 
Step: Pour into the dessert containers and refrigerate.
Entities and attributes: containers (cleanness,location,fullness,weight), food processor (fullness | volume,temperature), mixture | liquid (location,temperature), desserts | dessert (temperature,location), container (volume), fridge (openness), 

A person's goal is to make steps in a garden walk.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Drive a stout stake into the ground where the end of each proposed bottom step is to be.
Entities and attributes: stake (location,orientation,cleanness), stout stakes (orientation), ground (appearance,shape), garden (sound), soil (location), 
Step: Form the sides of the step by setting 10” x 6” boards into the bank so their outer ends are flush with the outer edges of each stake and nail them in place.
Entities and attributes: boards | board (orientation,location,weight,tightness,organization), 10” x 6” boards (orientation,contact), steps (organization), board (size), nails (location), garden (sound), 
Step: Nail a 3’ x 6” board at the front at right angles to the side boards.
Entities and attributes: boards | board (organization,tightness), 3’ x 6” boards (location,angle), board (size), nails (location), 
Step: Measure upwards by 6” and inwards, towards the bank, by 10” and repeat the process above.
Entities and attributes: frame of step (number), forms (volume), soil (location), 
Step: Fill the boxes with gravel (coarse below, fine on the surface) and tamp them down hard.
Entities and attributes: fine gravels | gravel | gravels (level | density,location | locatoin), boxes (volume,container), 

A person's goal is to make walnut date scones.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cream butter and sugar together in a mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: butter and sugar (composition), ingredients | whisk (organization), sugar (moisture,texture,hardness,composition), mixing bowl | spoon | bowl (cleanness,volume,weight,fullness | container), butter | cream (location,hardness,composition,texture), container (cleanness,wetness), 
Step: Add the egg and beat through.
Entities and attributes: egg (location,orientation,composition), ingredients | whisk (moisture,organization), mixing bowl | spoon | bowl (weight,mosure | wetness,moisture), egg white (composition), eggshell (composition), egg yolk (composition), beaters (cleanness), 
Step: Add the remaining ingredients with the flour and milk alternately.
Entities and attributes: remaining ingredients (location,composition), flour (moisture | wetness,location), milk (location), ingredients | whisk (organization), mixing bowl | spoon | bowl (weight,volume | fullness), dates (location,moisture), measuring cup (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Cut out scone shapes.
Entities and attributes: cookie cutters (moisture | cleanness,texture), cutting board | scone cutter (cleanness,moisture,texture), flour (location), mixing bowl | spoon | bowl (weight), dough | cookies (location,shape | temperature,size | composition), mixture (shape), 
Step: Bake in a hot oven for 12 to 15 minutes.
Entities and attributes: scones (location), oven | pan (power,temperature,volume,container), dough | cookies (shape | temperature,temperature,density,volume,edibleness), baking sheet (temperature), scone tops (texture), food (location,temperature), 

A person's goal is to seal around a basin or bathtub with silicone.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove any old silicone from the work area.
Entities and attributes: silicone | the old silicone | silicon (location), trowel (cleanness | moisture,texture), the putty knife (cleanness), old silicon (location), cracks (exposure), tools | work area (cleanness), 
Step: Load the silicone gun.
Entities and attributes: silicone | the old silicone | silicon (location,moisture), the silicone gun | silicone dun | silicon gun | silicone gun (weight,fullness,loaded status), tube (openness), 
Step: Silicone sealing can be tricky.
Entities and attributes: silicone | the old silicone | silicon (location,moisture), tube (openness,volume), you (knowledge), 
Step: Begin to gently apply seal around the desired area.
Entities and attributes: silicone | the old silicone | silicon (location,moisture), the silicone gun | silicone dun | silicon gun | silicone gun (weight), the seal container (volume), gun (volume), the seal gun (weight), the seal (location), tube (weight,volume), bathtub (stability), cracks (exposure), 
Step: Complete the seal with tooling.
Entities and attributes: silicone | the old silicone | silicon (location,moisture,texture), tube (volume), seal (location), bathtub (stability), finger (cleanness,moisture), 

A person's goal is to make a hot water bottle cover from a child&#x27;s top.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose the cardigan or sweater.
Entities and attributes: child's top (step), sweater (location), 
Step: Remove the sleeves from the child's top.
Entities and attributes: sleeves | sleeve (location), scissors (location,step), sweater (composition), cardigan (composition), 
Step: Sew up the armholes.
Entities and attributes: arm hole | armholes (shape | step), thread (location), needle (location), arm holes (openness), arms (composition), 
Step: Slip the top over the hot water bottle.
Entities and attributes: sleeves | sleeve (location), sweater (location), hot water bottle | bottle (orientation | composition,coverage), 
Step: Use a ribbon to tighten the top if needed.
Entities and attributes: ribbon (location), top (width), cardigan (orientation), 

A person's goal is to dress like a pirate.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Have the right face.
Entities and attributes: makeup brush (cleanness), eyeshadow (location), cheeks (color), face (coverage,colors,composition), makeup (location), 
Step: Wear the right clothes.
Entities and attributes: pirate costume package (openness,weight), pirate costume (location), skirt (location), belt (buckling), clothes (composition), feet (coverings), 
Step: Have the right props and accessories.
Entities and attributes: pirate sword | pirate bandana (location), pirate hat | toy parrot (packaging), parrot (location | ownership), props (location | ownership), toy sword (ownership), person (location), hat (ownership), belt (ownership), head (coverage), hands (activity), costume (organization), 
Step: Have the swagger of a true pirate.
Entities and attributes: person (orientation,motion), gait (normalcy), movement (speed), 
Step: Act like a pirate.
Entities and attributes: mannerisms (orientation), 

A person's goal is to finish maple.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Sand the project you have made from maple wood using progressively fine sandpaper of 120 to 320 grit.
Entities and attributes: maple | wood | maple wood (color | odor,composition,texture,appearance), sandpaper | sand paper (texture | cleanness,cleanness), grit (location), grain (appearance), work bench (cleanness), 
Step: Choose a type of stain within your skill set as it can be a challenge for the beginner.
Entities and attributes: maple | wood | maple wood (texture,color | complexity | odor,composition,dampness), brush | paintbrush (cleanness,moisture), can (weight,openness), stain (location,knowledge), 
Step: Brush on a commercially available sanding sealer to seal in the color before you begin to apply the final finish.
Entities and attributes: maple | wood | maple wood (composition,color | complexity | odor,moisture | humidity), brush | paintbrush (cleanness,location,color,moisture), can (volume,openness), sealant | sealer (location,ownership), 
Step: Finish the project with a coat of polyurethane varnish applied by hand with a cloth for a satin look or by brush for a higher gloss look.
Entities and attributes: maple | wood | maple wood (texture,composition,moisture | humidity), cloth (moisture | cleanness,shape,wetness), varnish (location,moisture), brush | paintbrush (moisture), can (weight,volume), 
Step: Complete the finish by using a "0000" steel wool pad to apply multiple coats of tinted carnauba paste wax.
Entities and attributes: maple | wood | maple wood (texture,composition,color | complexity | odor,moisture | humidity), can (openness), paste wax (location), wax (location,texture | hardness,moisture), steel wool (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to build a miniature toy catapult.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Hot glue the hinge down into the base of the tape dispenser, about 3/4 the distance from the back of the dispenser.
Entities and attributes: hinge and tape dispenser (separation), spoon | tape dispenser (bareness,weight,temperature), hot glue (location), hinge (location,cleanness), 
Step: Stick the thumbtack through the spoon right below the head of the spoon.
Entities and attributes: spoon | tape dispenser (weight,damage), thumbtack (location,straightness), 
Step: Hot glue the end of the spoon to the loose hinge, with the bowl of the spoon facing the front of the dispenser.
Entities and attributes: spoon and hinge (separateness), spoon | tape dispenser (weight,location,composition), glue gun (fullness,weight), hot glue (location), hinge (covering), 
Step: Place the rubber band around the front of the dispenser.
Entities and attributes: rubber band | rubberband (location), spoon | tape dispenser (weight,covering), rubber band and dispenser (composition), 
Step: Load your weapon, pull back and fire.
Entities and attributes: weapon (usage), marble (location), 

A person's goal is to make a drink bottle pencil case.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: You will need two bottles of exactly the same type.
Entities and attributes: bottles | bottle (volume | fullness,location,organization), water (location), 
Step: Cut one bottle right above the indentation pattern, and the other right below.
Entities and attributes: bottles | bottle (shape | size,shape), scissors (location,step), 
Step: Put your pencils in the larger half of the bottle.
Entities and attributes: bottles | bottle (volume | fullness,container,shape), pencils (location,orientation), 
Step: Fit the top onto the bottom portion.
Entities and attributes: bottles | bottle (volume | fullness,weight), bottle top (location), pencils (location), bottom (orientation), top (organization), 
Step: Use your pencil bottle.
Entities and attributes: pencil bottle (location), 

A person's goal is to play statues.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Arrange all the players except one on chairs or a bench.
Entities and attributes: the player | players | the players (organization,orientation), most players (position), a bench (location), 
Step: Beginning at one end of the row, she pulls each player from the bench, letting her remain in whatever position she falls.
Entities and attributes: the player | players | the players (location | locatin), bench (volume), she (location), player | each player (location), 
Step: Describe the statue pose.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Each player remains perfectly still, posed in the attitude suggested, until all the players are on the floor.
Entities and attributes: the player | players | the players (location | locatin), player | each player (location), 
Step: Choose the winner.
Entities and attributes: someone (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make a cuba libre.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill your glass halfway with ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: ice | cubes | ice cubes | lime (location), glass (temperature,weight,step,cleanness,volume), 
Step: Measure & add the Coca-Cola and rum to the glass.
Entities and attributes: rum and coke | coca cola and rum | rum and cola | rum (composition,location,temperature,location), glass (weight,cleanness,volume,depth), coca cola (size), rum and coca-cola (ownership), rum and cola lids (location), drink | mixture in glass (completion), ingredients (size,mixture), 
Step: Stir your drink with a stirrer or long spoon.
Entities and attributes: spoon | spoon or stirrer (location,cleanness,ownership,moisture,tem), drink | mixture in glass (composition,completion), mixture (composition), 
Step: Add the lime wedge to the side of your glass.
Entities and attributes: ice | cubes | ice cubes | lime (location,composition,ownership), lime wedge | lime slice (location,moisture), cocktail glass (decoration), knife (cleanness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: drink | mixture in glass (completion,step), 

A person's goal is to make a huge hanging shelf for a cabin or shed.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Work on a table or a workbench for greater comfort.Mark the middle point of the 2 long profiles with a slash on the inner side.Start placing bolts, etc every 20 centimeter (7.9 in) approx.
Entities and attributes: bolts (location,skill,depth,organization), wood (color,orientation), 
Step: The clamp that holds the secondary chain will be located on a beam at approx 120 centimeter (47.2 in) from the middle point of the long profile already fixed on the wall.
Entities and attributes: location of chain (skill), clamp (location,organization,orientation), 
Step: Take the last double short profile and make it sit on the middle points of the long profiles.
Entities and attributes: short profile (location,skill), profile (location,orientation), 
Step: Fix it to the frame with 4 bolts, etc.
Entities and attributes: bolts (location,skill,depth), shelf parts (composition,location), frame (organization), 
Step: Insert the boards diagonally, first let them sit on the wall long profile and lower them until they're encased and secured by the half frames.
Entities and attributes: boards (orientation,location,skill,elevation,strength), 

A person's goal is to make a slippery nipple layered shooter.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set a shot glass or cordial glass on a table.
Entities and attributes: glass | cordial glass | shot glass (location,cleanness), shot glass (location), cupboard | shelf (fullness), table (clarity), 
Step: Pour the Sambuca directly into the glass so that it fills up a little less than three-fourths of the glass.
Entities and attributes: glass | cordial glass | shot glass (location,weight,cleanness,volume,fullness), sambuca bottle (location,weight | fullness), sambuca (location | container), cap (location), 
Step: Using the technique described in the article Make Layered Shots, layer the Baileys Irish Cream over the Sambuca.
Entities and attributes: baileys irish cream bottle | baileys irish cream | bailey's irish cream (location), glass | cordial glass | shot glass (weight,fullness), sambuca (coverage,layering), bailey's bottle (weight,fullness), spoon (location), 
Step: Drip one single drop of grenadine onto the center of the top of the layer of Baileys Irish Cream.
Entities and attributes: glass | cordial glass | shot glass (weight,fullness), liquid in glass (color), grenadine (location), grenadine bottle (fullness,weight), bailey's (layering), 
Step: Serve the drink.
Entities and attributes: glass | cordial glass | shot glass (weight,location,fullness), drink (location), 

A person's goal is to make a small home look bigger using the right colors.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make the most of whites.
Entities and attributes: walls | rooms | wall (color), home (size), 
Step: Use blue and gray-blue tones.
Entities and attributes: walls | rooms | wall (color), walls, ceiling (color), 
Step: Pastels, and light natural tones are excellent for creating an airy feeling in small bedrooms, bathrooms, and hallways.
Entities and attributes: walls | rooms | wall (color), bedrooms/baths (color), 
Step: Stripes can completely change the shape of a room.
Entities and attributes: walls | rooms | wall (pattern | shape,color), space (orientation), 
Step: Don't forget the floors.
Entities and attributes: floors (size), 

A person's goal is to make a shanghai cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add some ice cubes in the cocktail shaker.
Entities and attributes: ice | cubes (location,temperature), shaker | cocktail shaker (temperature,weight,fullness,openness,cleanness), cocktail shaker (weight), ice tray (fullness), 
Step: Measure and pour the anisette, light rum, grenadine, and lemon juice into the cocktail shaker.
Entities and attributes: anisette bottle | rum bottle (weight), ingredients | contents | beverage (composition,location,temperature,odor,ownership), lemon | lemon slice (composition), anisette (location), rum (location), lemon juice (location), shaker | cocktail shaker (weight,fullness), 
Step: Place the lid on the shaker and shake well.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | contents | beverage (composition,speed), lid (location,cleanness), liquids (temperature), ice | cubes (size,temperature), shaker | cocktail shaker (openness,motion,speed), 
Step: Strain the shaker's contents into your cocktail glass.
Entities and attributes: ingredients | contents | beverage (location,texture), drink | cocktail (location,texture,composition), strainer (cleanness), glas | glass (weight,temperature,cleanness,moisture,fullness), shaker | cocktail shaker (weight,fullness), 
Step: Cut a slit in the lemon wedge and slide it on the side of the glass as a garnish.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture,moisture,texture,texture), lemon | lemon slice (composition,location), lemon wedge (composition,orientation), wedge (location), glas | glass (decoration), 

A person's goal is to root forsythia.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Root forsythia after the bush has finished blooming and all of its flowers have fallen off.
Entities and attributes: bush (composition,color), flowers (location,viability), 
Step: Grow forsythia in well-drained, acidic soil and lots of shade.
Entities and attributes: soil | brick | rock (location), bush (exposure,location), forsythia (size), shovel (cleanness), water (location), 
Step: Prepare your cuttings before you plant them to help them root properly.
Entities and attributes: cuttings (step | readiness), pruning shears (cleanness), pruners (step), 
Step: Try an alternative method for rooting clippings by bending a branch down from an existing bush, covering the first 6 inches (15.2 cm) of the branch with soil and mulch, and using a brick or rock to weigh it down.
Entities and attributes: branch (covering | orientation | shape,location), soil | brick | rock (location), alternative method (action), soil and mulch (step), weight (location), roots (location), 
Step: Make sure clippings have plenty of shade when rooting and aren’t exposed to lots of direct sunlight.
Entities and attributes: clippings (location,temperature,organization), 

A person's goal is to change the save data icon and background for a psp.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Connect your PSP to your computer using the USB cable.
Entities and attributes: computer usb port | psp usb port (container), the usb (location), cable | cables (organization), usb cable (connection), psp | computer (electric conductivity,connection | organization,organization), screen (electric conductivity), 
Step: Go to "My Computer/Removable Disk/PSP/SAVE DATA/(any file)" on Windows, or "disk/PSP/SAVE DATA/(any file)" on Linux-based systems.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), file (knowledge), folder (openness), psp | computer (electric conductivity), 
Step: Edit the file icon0.PNG and pic1.PNG############
Entities and attributes: file (knowledge), 
Step: Safely disconnect your PSP.
Entities and attributes: the usb (location), the psp (organization), cable | cables (organization), psp | computer (electric conductivity,connection | organization,organization), 
Step: Look at the save on your PSP (under "Game > Saved Data Utility")!
Entities and attributes: you (focus), 

A person's goal is to make red silk panties jello shots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: shot glasses | shot cups (location), cups (location,packaging,arrangement), packaging (composition), tray (weight,fullness), 
Step: Dissolve the gelatin into the boiling water in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: water | pot (location,temperature), liquid | cold water | mixture (thickness), mixing bowl | bowl | large bowl (wetness,fullness,temperature), gelatin (location,form,moisture), stove (power), 
Step: Measure and pour the cold water, schnapps, and vodka into the bowl.
Entities and attributes: vodka | schnapps (location,complexity), liquid | cold water | mixture (location,temperature), mixing bowl | bowl | large bowl (weight,fullness), mixture in bowl (alcohol content), measuring cup (cleanness), schnapps bottle (weight), 
Step: Carefully pour the Jello mixture into the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: shot glasses | shot cups (cleanness | wetness,temperature,fullness,weight), liquid | cold water | mixture (location), mixing bowl | bowl | large bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness), mixture (location), jello mixture (location), 
Step: Chill in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: shot glasses | shot cups (temperature,location), liquid | cold water | mixture (temperature,thickness), refrigerator (fullness), jello mixture (temperature), 

A person's goal is to clean dirty dishcloths with bleach.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Soak the dishcloths in a bucket of diluted bleach (20 parts water to 1 part bleach).
Entities and attributes: water | towel | towels | bucket | the bucket (moisture,weight,cleanness,wetness), bleach bottle (weight,fullness), the bucket | bucket (volume | fullness), the rags | washcloths | dishcloths (location,wetness,weight), dishcloths (mmoisture), bleach (dilution,location), 
Step: Leave to stand thirty minutes.
Entities and attributes: water | towel | towels | bucket | the bucket (cleanness,temperature,brightness,temperature), the rags | washcloths | dishcloths (sterilization,smell | color | odor), stains (color,location), bleach (location), mixture (age), 
Step: Rinse out under running cold water.
Entities and attributes: water | towel | towels | bucket | the bucket (cleanness,weight,motion), the bucket | bucket (volume | fullness), the faucet (power), the rags | washcloths | dishcloths (smell | color | odor,cleanness,temperature,composition), tap (power), dishclothes (temperature), bleach (dilution,location), bucket volume (height), 
Step: They should be clean and much better smelling than the day before.
Entities and attributes: the rags | washcloths | dishcloths (smell | color | odor,cleanness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: the rags | washcloths | dishcloths (shape), 

A person's goal is to pitch faster in mario super sluggers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: It makes you pitch faster and, if done right, should say NICE!
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), ball (speed), 
Step: Wind up the pitch.
Entities and attributes: pitch (action), arm (speed), 
Step: While you wind up watch the pitcher's mound.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), pitchers mound | mound (step | watching), 
Step: Right when they overlap, bring your arm down with large amounts of force in a pitching motion.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), force (speed), ball (location), 
Step: If done right, the screen will say, NICE!
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), nice (sayings), words (location), 

A person's goal is to make a gatorade smoothie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour 1 bottle of Gatorade into a blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,moisture | wetness,weight | fullness,volume), gatorade bottle | bottle (openness,fullness | volume,weight), gatorade (location,weight), 
Step: Add the rest of the ingredients into the blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (weight | fullness,temperature,volume), ice | fruit juice | juice (location,temperature), cup (moisture), gatorade (temperature), ingredients (composition,location), 
Step: Add more Gatorade, fruit juice, and yogurt if the smoothie is not blending properly.
Entities and attributes: blender (weight | fullness), ice | fruit juice | juice (location), yogurt | yogurt container (location | fullness | locatoin), gatorade (location), smoothie (texture), juice container (fullness), ingredients (location,organization), carton (weight,volume), 
Step: Pick you favourite cup to pour the smoothie in.
Entities and attributes: blender (weight | fullness,volume), cup (cleanness | wetness,temperature,stability | fullness | volume,moisture,weight), smoothie (location), drink (location), 
Step: Serve and enjoy!
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,power), ice | fruit juice | juice (temperature), outside of cup (moisture), drink (consumption), 

A person's goal is to clean vomit from carpet with baking soda.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove residual puke from the carpet.
Entities and attributes: puke | the residual puke (location), the carpet | carpet (cleanness,moisture | wetness,smell), the rag (weight,cleanness,color,wetness), rag (cleanness), 
Step: Combine 2 parts baking soda with 1 part water.
Entities and attributes: the baking soda and water (composition), the baking soda box (weight,volume), baking soda mixture | baking soda | baking soda mess (location,moisture), the baking soda (location), spoon (cleanness), water (location), the bowl | bowl (weight,cleanness,cleanness,fullness,wetness | moisture), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Pour over remaining vomit.
Entities and attributes: baking soda mixture | baking soda | baking soda mess (location), the carpet | carpet (cleanness,moisture | wetness,temperature,wetness), the bowl | bowl (weight,volume,volume), mixture (location), 
Step: Allow (if you can stand it) to sit overnight or for 8-12 hours.
Entities and attributes: baking soda mixture | baking soda | baking soda mess (wetness), the carpet | carpet (wetness), 
Step: Vacuum baking soda covered area.
Entities and attributes: vacuum (power | electric conductivity,location), the vacuum container (volume), baking soda mixture | baking soda | baking soda mess (location), the carpet | carpet (cleanness,moisture | wetness,wetness), the vacuum (weight), vacuum bag (fullness), stain (moisture), 

A person's goal is to get free stuff in varrock.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to Varrock's East bank.
Entities and attributes: knowledge of what varrock  is | varrock  login (knowledge), character | you (location,location | orientation), desire for free stuff (ownership), varrock  location (location), varrock  skill (skill), computer (power), 
Step: Go to the north entrance of the bank and walk to the left (northwest).
Entities and attributes: character | you (location | orientation), north entrance (location), door of shack (location), dead trees (location), ladder (location), shack (location), movement (direction), 
Step: Open the door with a "brass key".
Entities and attributes: knowledge of what the grand exchange is (knowledge), the door (openness), varrock currency (magnitude), door (openness), brass key (location), key (location), 
Step: Go down the ladder.
Entities and attributes: character | you (location | orientation), character position (location), ladder (location), 
Step: Get the stuff off the ground that dead Hill Giants have dropped.
Entities and attributes: stuff (location), what  dead hill giants are (knowledge of knowledge), stuff dropped by giants (location), player location (location), money level (magnitude), hill giants (viability), 

A person's goal is to make bermuda triangle jello shots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: cups | shot cups | cugs | tray (cleanness,location,volume,moisture,location), jello | jello mixture (hardness), 
Step: Dissolve the gelatin into the boiling water in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl (volume,fullness,temperature), gelatin | water (location,temperature,location,moisture,form), pan (temperature), 
Step: Measure and pour the alcohol into the bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight,volume), bottle | bottles (volume,weight), alcohol (container | location,knowledge,temperature), measuring cup (cleanness,location), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Carefully pour the Jello mixture into the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: cups | shot cups | cugs | tray (cleanness,weight,temperature,volume,moisture), bowl (volume), jello | jello mixture (location,organization), mixture (location), 
Step: Chill in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: cups | shot cups | cugs | tray (temperature,location), jello | jello mixture (temperature,hardness), mixture (texture,temperature), fridge (volume), liquid (temperature), 

A person's goal is to remove heat marks from japanned ware.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Rub the japanned ware well with almond oil.
Entities and attributes: japanned ware | japanned ware surface | jappanned ware (texture | cleanness), almond oil bottle (fullness | weight), almond oil (location), hands (cleanness), 
Step: Continue to rub gently until the heat marks disappear.
Entities and attributes: japanned ware | japanned ware surface | jappanned ware (markings | location), marks (visibility), heat marks (color | presence,visibility), almond oil (temperature), hands (temperature,moisturization), 
Step: Polish the japanned ware.
Entities and attributes: japanned ware | japanned ware surface | jappanned ware (shininess | appearance | brightness,polishing | appearance), oil (location), flour (location), flour bag (weight | fullness), towel | cloth (cleanness), 
Step: Blow the flour clear and rub one final time.
Entities and attributes: japanned ware | japanned ware surface | jappanned ware (texture | cleanness), flour (location), towel | cloth (cleanness), hands (action), 
Step: Place back on display.
Entities and attributes: display | rack (fullness), japanned ware | japanned ware surface | jappanned ware (markings | location), display stand (fullness), set (completion), display case (openness), 

A person's goal is to defeat gi nattak in final fantasy vii.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cast Regen-All on your party.
Entities and attributes: player (knowledge,status), 
Step: Cast Regen on Gi Nattak.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Put a weight on the 'enter' button.
Entities and attributes: the keyboard (weight), the weight (location), button (knowledge), weight (location), 
Step: Make yourself a sandwich.
Entities and attributes: the lettuce | lettuce (location), the bread | bread (location), mayonnaise | mayonaise (location), the meat | meat (location), tomatoes (location,size), mustard (location), sandwich (organization), 
Step: Watch the following cutscene that involves Red XIII's father.
Entities and attributes: scene (knowledge), you (focus), 

A person's goal is to keep a heater thermostat accurate.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove the cover of the thermostat.
Entities and attributes: cover of the thermostat | cover (location), thermostat cover (location), thermostat | card (weight,covering), 
Step: Slide a business card between the contacts.
Entities and attributes: contacts (covering,electric conductivity), thermostat | card (weight,power | location), business card (location,orientation), 
Step: Remove the card and discard it.
Entities and attributes: contacts (covering), thermostat | card (weight,power | location,orientation), business card (location), 
Step: Place the cover back onto the thermostat.
Entities and attributes: cover of the thermostat | cover (location,orientation,composition), thermostat | card (weight,covering), 
Step: Write the date for the next clean in your calendar.
Entities and attributes: your calendar (fullness), thermostat | card (cleanness), task (completion), date (step), calendar (color), 

A person's goal is to be awesome on zombies on black ops.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In the first round, do not shoot the zombies in the leg eight times, and then knife them to get a maximum amount of points.
Entities and attributes: zombie (health), you (knowledge), player (knowledge), 
Step: Open the top door, but don't buy the PM63.
Entities and attributes: the door | top door (openness), pm63 (item), door (open), 
Step: Try to get to the mystery box.
Entities and attributes: mystery box (location), you (knowledge), 
Step: Work your way up to 5000 points.
Entities and attributes: points (points,quantity), 
Step: Activate some traps!
Entities and attributes: traps (traps), 

A person's goal is to make a traditional south american frog smoothie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Source the traditional ingredients.
Entities and attributes: the ingredients | ingredients (location), frog (alive or not | living status,temperature,composition,location), frog skin (location), aloe | aloe vera (location,composition | shape,alive or not), 
Step: Chop up the Aloe vera, maca, and frog into smaller pieces.
Entities and attributes: the cutting board | the knife | cutting board (wetness | moisture,cleanness,cleanness,cleanness,weight), maca (size,shape), the ingredients | ingredients (size), frogs legs (composition), knife (cleanness,moisture), aloe | aloe vera (composition | shape), frog pieces (size), aloe pieces (size), 
Step: Place all the ingredients into the food processor.
Entities and attributes: the cutting board | the knife | cutting board (weight,weight,fullness), food processor | the processor (weight,cleanness,moisture,fullness), the food processor (weight,cleanness,volume), the ingredients | ingredients (location,location), frog (location), aloe | aloe vera (location), bowl (weight), 
Step: Pulse until you get a smooth texture.
Entities and attributes: food processor | the processor (power), the texture (texture), the ingredients | ingredients (composition,temperature), frogs legs (texture), the taste (taste), blades (motion,cleanness), motor (temperature), aloe | aloe vera (texture), mixture (texture), food (texture), 
Step: Pour into a glass.
Entities and attributes: food processor | the processor (weight,volume,fullness), glass (weight,cleanness,fullness,temperature,wetness), the smoothie | smoothie (location), the glass (weight,volume,cleanness), drink (location), food processor lid (location), 

A person's goal is to restore a musty mattress.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assess the state of the mattress carefully.
Entities and attributes: mattress | matress (scent | odor | color,cleanness,knowledge,orientation), state (knowledge), 
Step: Air the mattress outside.
Entities and attributes: mattress | matress (scent | odor | color,cleanness,location,texture), air (scent), 
Step: Make up a solution of 5 drops of tea tree oil (ti-tree oil) to one bucket of  water.
Entities and attributes: tea tree oil (location | concentation), faucet (power), bucket (weight,volume,texture), water (location,odor), mattress cover (wetness), oil and water (composition), 
Step: Use baking soda or bicarbonate of soda.
Entities and attributes: baking soda | bicarbonate of soda (moisture,location,texture), water (opacity), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Use a strong wood odour to mask the mustiness.
Entities and attributes: mattress | matress (scent | odor | color,cleanness), air (smell), odor | smell (smell), wood chips (location), 

A person's goal is to kill someone with a sword from a warthog on the other side of a map in halo.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to multiplayer on the main menu.
Entities and attributes: options (knowledge), menu (openness), you (focus), 
Step: Select a long range map, preferably Blood Gulch(in Halo 2 it's known as Coagulation).
Entities and attributes: map (step | knowledge), you (focus), 
Step: Grab a sword and jump in the passenger seat of a warthog.
Entities and attributes: sword (knowledge,action), passenger seat (step), you (focus), 
Step: Aim the sword reticule at your friend and keep pulling the right trigger.
Entities and attributes: trigger (step), 
Step: Press X, and you'll go flying towards him/her and slash him/her.
Entities and attributes: x (step), friend (action), 

A person's goal is to make fried cauliflower.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Divide pre-cooked cauliflower into small tufts.
Entities and attributes: the cauliflower (composition), cauliflower (texture,shape,size), knife (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: Roll in cracker or breadcrumbs.
Entities and attributes: the cauliflower (composition,weight | width), cauliflower (shape,moisture), cracker (size), breadcrumbs (location), cracker crumbs (moisture,location), 
Step: Dip the cauliflower in this batter.
Entities and attributes: batter | butter | the butter or oil | oil (location), the dish of batter (weight,volume), the cauliflower (weight | width,wetness), cauliflower (shape,moisture), the batter (location), 
Step: Heat the butter or oil for frying.
Entities and attributes: batter | butter | the butter or oil | oil (location,temperature,location,texture,temperature), frying pan (cleanness,temperature,location,oiliness), the pan | pan | stove (temperature,weight,electric conductivity), 
Step: Garnish with parsley.
Entities and attributes: the food dish (weight), cauliflower (texture,shape,temperature), parsley | the parsley (location,temperature), the food (taste), plate (cleanness,location,volume), food (fanciness), 

A person's goal is to use a flint stick.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put dried grass, leaves, or paper into a small pile that will be used as tinder.
Entities and attributes: dried grass, leaves, or paper | dry leaves (location | organization), paper (location | orientation), grass | leaves (location), leafs (orientation), 
Step: Put the flint stick end near the edge of the pile.
Entities and attributes: spark | flame (location), tinder (location), flint stick end | flint stick (location), 
Step: Use the piece of steel to scrape the flint roughly, causing sparks to go into the pile.
Entities and attributes: flint | flint stick (size | weight,marking,location | texture), spark | flame (location), tinder (location), piece of steel (cleanness), steel (location), 
Step: Continue until the fire starts.
Entities and attributes: flint | flint stick (location | texture), spark | flame (location), tinder (temperature,size,weight), process (duration), smoke (location), 
Step: To keep the fire going, add dry wood of gradually increasing size.
Entities and attributes: fire | size of burning materials (size,temperature | strength,duration), dry wood | amount of dry wood in vicinity (location | amount,composition), ash contend (size), smoke (location), wood (location,temperature), 

A person's goal is to change usernames on roblox.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Log in into your account.
Entities and attributes: account (openness), roblox (step), computer (electric conductivity), 
Step: After logging in, you should be directed to the home page.
Entities and attributes: you (location), 
Step: Find the button, Change Username and click on it.
Entities and attributes: username (newness | step), button for username change (step), person (location), the button | username change (step), 
Step: Click Buy for 1,000 robux.
Entities and attributes: buy | buy button (step), buy for 1,000 robux (step), 
Step: Type in your new username, then confirm it by typing in your password.
Entities and attributes: new username (step), 

A person's goal is to make a snow pyramid dessert.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Beat the egg whites to a stiff foam.
Entities and attributes: egg shells (or,volume), jelly | currant jeely | currant jelly | egg whites (consistency | taste,texture), eggs (texture), bowl (cleanness,weight,volume), whisk (texture), eggshells (composition), egg white (location), egg yolk (location), 
Step: Add a small teacupful of currant jelly and whisk all together again.
Entities and attributes: jelly | currant jeely | currant jelly | egg whites (location,composition,consistency | taste), currant jelly jar (fullness | weight), ingredients (organization), teacup (cleanness), bowl (weight,cleanness,volume), whisk (cleanness), 
Step: Fill half full of cream as many saucers as you have guests.
Entities and attributes: saucers | saucer (volume,fullness | container,weright | weight,cleanness,moisture), cream (location), bowl (weight,volume), cream container (weight,fullness), 
Step: Drop in the centre of each saucer a tablespoonful of the beaten eggs and jelly in the shape of a pyramid.
Entities and attributes: saucers | saucer (weright | weight), jelly | currant jeely | currant jelly | egg whites (location), egg and jelly mixture (location), teaspoon (moisture | cleanness,texture,volume,weight), eggs (location), whipped eggs (shape), cream height in saucer (height), mixing bowl (weight,fullness), tablespoon (cleanness), mixture (location,shape), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: saucers | saucer (location), snow pyramid desert (status), cream (taste), serving platter (weight,fullness), mixing bowl (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make a lavender and bergamot air freshener.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour the vodka and distilled water into a clean spray bottle.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | bottle | label (volume | weight | fullness,moisture | cleanness), vodka and distilled water bottles (volume), vodka and distilled water (ownership,location | composition), vodka (location,dilution), vodka bottle (weight), water (odor), 
Step: Add the drops of essential oils.
Entities and attributes: vodka and water mixture and essential oil (composition), spray bottle | bottle | label (volume | weight | fullness,odor,fullness), essential oil bottle (volume | fullness,weight,openness), essential oil | oil | essential oils (location), essential ol (ownership), oil/water (composition), water (odor), mixture (fragrance), 
Step: Shake well to combine.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | bottle | label (movement), vodka, water, and essential oil (composition), spray bottle cap (power), essential oil | oil | essential oils (emulsification), oil and water (composition), water (motion), mixture (composition), contents (speed), 
Step: Make it clear to anyone using it that it is air freshener.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | bottle | label (knowledge,color,location | markings), label and marker (ownership), marker cap (location), label (writing), 
Step: Use.
Entities and attributes: spray bottle | bottle | label (volume | weight | fullness,speed), bottle nozzle (moisture), air freshener (use,fullness), air (smell | odor), mixture (area), room (moisture), 

A person's goal is to make a maple story video using fraps.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Download fraps, a shareware program.
Entities and attributes: download of fraps (step), software program (openness,location), computer memory (amount), computer (electric conductivity), 
Step: Record a video in Maplestory with Fraps.
Entities and attributes: software program (openness), video (step), computer (electric conductivity), 
Step: Open up a video editing software, like Windows movie maker.
Entities and attributes: video editing software (step), software program (openness), video (step), 
Step: Import the clip into the Video editing Software.
Entities and attributes: importing of video clip (step), software program (openness), video (step), 
Step: Upload it to a Video hosting website.
Entities and attributes: video (step,location), 

A person's goal is to make banana pudding cheesecake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Whisk the cream cheese and 1/2 cup (120 mL) milk together using a hand or stand mixer.
Entities and attributes: pie | milk | extra milk | mix (location), standing mixer (orientation), cream cheese | cream cheese and milk (temperature,locationn | location,size,composition,texture), cream cheese and milk (ownership), ingredients (location,composition,texture), mixing bowl (weight,volume), mixer (moisture,electric conductivity), bowl (location), 
Step: Beat in the rest of the milk with the pudding mix for a minute.
Entities and attributes: pie | milk | extra milk | mix (location,composition), standing mixer (power), pudding mix (location), mixture | pie crust | crust (texture), ingredients (odor | color,composition), measuring cup (cleanness), mixing bowl (weight,volume), 
Step: Pour the mixture into the pie crust.
Entities and attributes: pie | milk | extra milk | mix (location,shape), mixture | pie crust | crust (location,volume,ownership | availability,weight), crust (moisture | texture), mixer (electric conductivity), bowl (volume), 
Step: Chill the pie in the refrigerator until the pudding has settled.
Entities and attributes: pie | milk | extra milk | mix (location,temperature,texture), fridge door (openness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: pie | milk | extra milk | mix (location,composition), pie slice (location), plate (cleanness,location), fork (location), 

A person's goal is to make lemongrass disinfectant.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill the spray bottle with water.
Entities and attributes: bottle | spray bottle | water (moisture | wetness,volume,container), water (location), 
Step: Add the squirt of natural soap.
Entities and attributes: bottle | spray bottle | water (color | clarity,odor,texture | composition), soap (location), soap and water (composition), container (weight), 
Step: Add the drops of essential oils.
Entities and attributes: oils | oil | essential oil (location), bottle | spray bottle | water (composition,odor), contents of spray bottle (smell), oils and soap water (composition), 
Step: Shake together to infuse through the bottle.
Entities and attributes: bottle | spray bottle | water (speed), contents of container (composition), mixture in bottle (composition), mixture (composition,speed), 
Step: Use.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), faucet (cleanness), air (odor), 

A person's goal is to hunt for rocks.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a mineral site close to you:
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), mineral (orientation), map (position), 
Step: Ensure you have the right equipment:
Entities and attributes: equipment (location | ownership,position), you (knowledge), 
Step: Make a very good map of where you're going.
Entities and attributes: map (color), paper (color), route (orientation), ink (dryness), pen (volume), 
Step: Have a go at it:
Entities and attributes: you (focus), shoes (cleanness), self (location,temperature), ground (density), 
Step: Identify what you find:
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), brain (knowledge), rock (location), hand (pressure,cleanness), muscles (elasticity), rocks (organization), 

A person's goal is to make funfetti dip.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a large bowl pour in cake mix, yogurt, and Cool Whip.
Entities and attributes: yogurt (location | openness), bowl | spoon (weight,cleanness,fullness), cake mix (wetness,location), cool whip (location,openness), yogurt container (container), spoon (cleanness), ingredients (location), cake mix box (openness), large bowl (container), 
Step: Mix until smooth and well blended.
Entities and attributes: yogurt (color), cake mix (moisture,temperature,texture,composition), cool whip (temperature,fullness,orientation), spoon (cleanness), ingredients (organization | composition), powder (moisture), 
Step: Chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours minimum.
Entities and attributes: bowl | spoon (temperature,location), cake mix (composition), mixture | mix (texture,temperature), fridge (fullness), ingredients (temperature), refrigerator (contents), 
Step: Move into a serving dish and add any extra toppings.
Entities and attributes: serving dish (cleanness | wetness,weight,fullness), bowl | spoon (contents), toppings (location), mixture | mix (location,temperature), fridge (fullness), spoon (cleanness), mixing bowl (fullness,cleanness), funfetti dip (composition), 
Step: Serve with your favorite snack!
Entities and attributes: serving dish (location), funfetti dip (location), 

A person's goal is to clean tile grout using a dishwasher tablet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Dissolve the dishwasher tablet in several centimetres/inches of hot water.
Entities and attributes: the dishwasher tablet package (weight), the dishwasher tablet (location,moisture), dishwasher tablet (location,size), dishwasher tablet and water (composition), the bowl | the water (weight,temperature,volume), water | soapy water (composition,color,hardness), tablet (shape,temperature,wetness), 
Step: Leave to cool to tepid so that you can use it.
Entities and attributes: the dishwasher tablet (temperature,composition), the bowl | the water (temperature,clarity), water | soapy water (temperature), 
Step: Use a cleaning brush to apply the dishwashing tablet liquid to the grouting.
Entities and attributes: the dishwashing tablet liquid (location), the tile | the tile grout (wetness | cleanness), brush | cleaning brush (cleanness,wetness | moisture), the bowl | the water (weight,volume), grout (wetness), grouting (covering,cleanness), liquid (location), 
Step: Wipe down with a dry, clean cloth when you are finished.
Entities and attributes: the tile | the tile grout (wetness | cleanness), cloth | clean cloth (cleanness | wetness,color | odor), grout (wetness), grouting (wetness), wall/tile area (cleanness), wall/tile (composition), wall (moisture), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: grout (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to go on msn on a wii.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get an Internet connection if you don't have it already.
Entities and attributes: wii | internet (electric conductivity,organization), internet connection (step), 
Step: Go to the "Wii Shop Channel.
Entities and attributes: wii shop channel | channel (step | change,knowledge), 
Step: Download the Internet Channel.
Entities and attributes: wii shop channel | channel (knowledge), the download (step), download (step), 
Step: Go to the "Wii Home Menu.
Entities and attributes: the wii home menu | wii home menu (step), menu (knowledge), 
Step: Click on the Internet Channel, once that loads click and type in the URL of the instant messaging site.
Entities and attributes: the internet channel (step), wii shop channel | channel (knowledge), internet channel (step), url (step), 

A person's goal is to smoke fish in a chiminea.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select (or catch) a suitable fish (e.g.
Entities and attributes: fish | fire (cost | ownership,viability | composition | taste | location,location,size,availability), 
Step: Place the fish skin side down in a glass bowl and coat the fish generously with brown sugar and kosher salt.
Entities and attributes: fish | fire (viability | composition | taste | location,location,cleanness), sugar (location,moisture), salt (location,moisture), fish and seasoning (composition), glass bowl (weight,cleanness,volume), bowl (volume), seasonings (ownership), 
Step: Build a fire in the chiminea with a good hard wood (e.g.
Entities and attributes: fish | fire (viability | composition | taste | location), smoke (location), chiminea (temperature,volume), wood (location,temperature), log (length), air (cleanness), 
Step: Rinse the salt and sugar off the fish and place it in a fish basket.
Entities and attributes: fish | fire (viability | composition | taste | location,wetness | moisture,location), sugar (location), salt (location), water (location), salt and sugar (composition), fish basket (volume,weight), 
Step: Smoke for 4-6 hours.
Entities and attributes: fish | fire (viability | composition | taste | location,temperature), smoke (location), chiminea (volume), basket (location), 

A person's goal is to make a successful runescape pure.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: On Tutorial Island, get all of your skiller skills up to 3.
Entities and attributes: skill | skills | skiller skill level | skill level | skiller skills | i (progression | knowledge,skill | level,action,availability), skiller skill | stats (skill), all of the skills (knowledge), computer screen (on/off state), i (location), experience (skill), character (skill), 
Step: Train your first skill (or only skill).
Entities and attributes: skill | skills | skiller skill level | skill level | skiller skills | i (skill | step,progression | knowledge), first skill (skill), computer screen (on/off state), first (step), character (training), 
Step: Get this skill up to 35.
Entities and attributes: skill | skills | skiller skill level | skill level | skiller skills | i (skill | step,skill | level,progression | knowledge), woodcutting skill level (knowledge), single skill (skill), computer screen (on/off state), abilities (skill), experience (skill), 
Step: Get this skill up to 50.
Entities and attributes: skill | skills | skiller skill level | skill level | skiller skills | i (skill | step,skill | level,progression | knowledge), skiller skill | stats (skill), character skill (skill), ranged level (knowledge), computer screen (on/off state), character abilities (ability), 
Step: Get this skill to 99.
Entities and attributes: skill | skills | skiller skill level | skill level | skiller skills | i (skill | step,skill | level,progression | knowledge), skill statistic (skill), computer screen (on/off state), activities (step), skill cape (step), mining level (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to use an emergency fire starter.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather kindling and tinder for your fire.
Entities and attributes: kindling and tinder (step), tinder | kindling (unity,distance), kindling (location | organization), sticks (location), we (activity), 
Step: Place your tinder in the designated spot for the fire.
Entities and attributes: spot for the fire (location), tinder | kindling (placement | location,status,proximity,accessibility,elevation), the fire spot (fullness), the tinder (temperature), 
Step: Shave magnesium from your fire starter onto the pile of tinder.
Entities and attributes: pile of tinder (orientation), fire starter (texture), magnesium bar (weight | size), magnesium (location,shape,size), tinder and magnesium (composition), camp (sound), your hand (possession), pile (size), 
Step: Ignite the fire using the flint portion of your emergency fire starter.
Entities and attributes: fire (step | status), tinder | kindling (brightness), flames (location), smoke (location), flint (step,activity,location,temp,electric conductivity), camp (sound,temperature), pile (temperature,brightness), 
Step: Maintain the fire.
Entities and attributes: fire (step | status,existence), fuel (location,weight,temperature,brightness), 

A person's goal is to make an old fashioned dairy and egg free cake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cook the syrup, water, raisins, fat of choice, salt and spices together in a saucepan slowly for 15 minutes.
Entities and attributes: saucepan (temperature,weight,cleanness,fullness), raisins | raising (location,hydration), spices (location), syrup (temperature), water (color,temperature), ingredients | stove burner (mixture | composition | texture,temperature,temperature,cooking,odor), 
Step: When cool, add flour, soda or baking powder, and blend thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: flour, soda or baking powder (mixture), soda or baking powder (location), flour (location,wetness), syrup mixture (temperature), bowl (cleanness,fullness), ingredients | stove burner (mixture | composition | texture,temperature), food mix (viscosity), 
Step: Pour the mixture into a loaf pan/tin.
Entities and attributes: mixture | mixuture | food mixture | kmix (location), saucepan (fullness), loaf pan/tin | loaf pan | loaf (fullness | weight,cleanness), loaf pan (fullness), bowl (weight,fullness), ingredients | stove burner (location), 
Step: Bake in slow oven 1 hour.
Entities and attributes: mixture | mixuture | food mixture | kmix (temperature), loaf pan/tin | loaf pan | loaf (temperature), the time (time), oven | food (fullness,temperature,cooking), 
Step: Allow to cool on a wire cake rack.
Entities and attributes: loaf pan/tin | loaf pan | loaf (temperature,location), wire cake rack (covering,cleanness,weight), cooling rack | wire rack (temperature), loaf pan (fullness), task (completion), oven | food (temperature), 

A person's goal is to paint black wrought iron.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Scrub away any rust from the wrought iron.
Entities and attributes: brush | paint brush | paintbrush (cleanness,color), wrought iron | iron (cleanness,appearance,texture,color | odor,composition), rust (location), 
Step: Sand the wrought iron.
Entities and attributes: wrought iron | iron (temperature,texture), sandpaper | sand paper (newness | age | use,cleanness,texture,location), 
Step: Apply a coat of rust inhibiting primer to the wrought iron.
Entities and attributes: brush | paint brush | paintbrush (cleanness,wetness | moisture), primer coating | primer (location), wrought iron | iron (appearance,wetness | moisture,texture,color | odor), paint can (weight,fullness), 
Step: After letting the primer dry completely, sand it lightly with medium-grit sandpaper.
Entities and attributes: primer coating | primer (texture,wetness | moisture), wrought iron | iron (texture), sandpaper | sand paper (newness | age | use,texture,temperature), 
Step: Apply paint to the wrought iron.
Entities and attributes: brush | paint brush | paintbrush (cleanness,wetness), wrought iron | iron (appearance,temperature,color,wetness | moisture,texture), paint (location), paint can (weight,fullness,openness), 

A person's goal is to get a prize from wendell (animal crossing city folk for wii).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get set up and start Animal Crossing.
Entities and attributes: animal crossiing (power), set up (step), 
Step: Roam around town and look for the WALRUS.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), walrus (step), character (location), 
Step: When you find the walrus with the backpack, that's Wendell.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 
Step: Press A like you normally would to talk to Wendell.
Entities and attributes: you (pressure), the letter a (action), 
Step: Certain things give you certain prizes.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make an ice cream s&#x27;more sundae.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Scoop the ice cream into two servings sundae glasses.
Entities and attributes: the scoop | the spoon (cleanness | wetness), the glass | glasses | sundae glasses (weight,volume | container,cleanness,wetness,temperature), ice cream container (weight), scoop (cleanness,wetness), sundae glasses (weight), ice cream | marshmallow cream (shape,container | location), 
Step: Drizzle the hot fudge sauce over both glasses of ice cream.
Entities and attributes: the scoop | the spoon (cleanness | wetness,temperature), the ice cream (temperature), the hot fudge (location), glasses of ice cream (weight | fullness), the dish (weight,volume), hot fudge | hot fudge sauce (location,temperature), hot fudge container (fullness), ice cream | marshmallow cream (taste | location,covering), 
Step: Pour over the marshmallow cream in both glasses.
Entities and attributes: the scoop | the spoon (cleanness | wetness), marshmallow cream container (weight | fullness), marshmallow (container), the marshmallow cream (location), the glass | glasses | sundae glasses (fullness), the dish (weight,volume,composition,taste), glasses (weight), ice cream | marshmallow cream (taste | location), marshmallow cream (temperature), 
Step: Break the graham crackers into halves.
Entities and attributes: the graham cracker | graham crackers (size | shape,length | size,location,wholeness), the counter (cleanness), crackers (size), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: the graham cracker | graham crackers (location,wetness), the marshmallows (location), the ice cream (composition), the dish (weight,volume), cracker (orientation), 

A person's goal is to use cans to protect young plants.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use a can opener to remove the opposite end "lid" or "base" of the can, so that it is a hollow, open cylinder all the way through.
Entities and attributes: bottom end (orientation), can opener (location,step), can bottom (location), can (volume), base (location), lid (location), 
Step: Position each can carefully over the growing seedling.
Entities and attributes: area around seedling (area), seedling | seedlings (coverage), can (location,cleanness), 
Step: Push firmly down into the soil.
Entities and attributes: can (orientation,location,cleanness), soil (density), 
Step: Remove the cans once the seedling is large enough to look after itself.
Entities and attributes: seedling | seedlings (coverage,size), can (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to install swat 4.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Insert CD 1 into your CD/DVD drive.
Entities and attributes: software program | software (installation), cd rom | cd drive (volume | container,location,electric conductivity), drive (volume), cd (location), game (installation), 
Step: Wait for the auto-start feature to bring up the installation menu.
Entities and attributes: software program | software (installation), auto-start feature (power), installation menu (visibility), 
Step: Enter the serial number included with the game when prompted to do so.
Entities and attributes: software program | software (installation), serial number (step), 
Step: Place CD 2 in the drive when you are prompted to do so by the installation program, then click "Continue.
Entities and attributes: software program | software (installation), continue (step), drive (volume), cd 2 | cd 1 (location), cd (location), 
Step: Once installation is complete, you might be prompted to install DirectX 9.0c.
Entities and attributes: software program | software (installation), installation (step), 

A person's goal is to make brazilian hot dogs.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut the hot dogs into thick chunks and the olives into slices.
Entities and attributes: hot dogs | hotdogs | olives (shape | size,shape | temperature), cutting board (cleanness), olives | olive (size), knife (cleanness,moisture,clean), 
Step: Combine all of the ingredients in a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | sauce pan (fullness | volume,cleanliness | cleanness,container), stove burner | pan (cleanness,moisture), hot dogs | hotdogs | olives (wetness | moisture,location), olives | olive (location), corn (location), ingredients (step), stove (temperature,power), counter (cleanness), 
Step: Cook on medium heat until the sauce boils.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | sauce pan (temperature), stove burner | pan (temperature), hot dogs | hotdogs | olives (temperature,shape | temperature,temperature), sauce (movement,step), food | mixture (temperature), oil (temperature), 
Step: Use tongs or a slotted spoon to scoop the mixture into the buns.
Entities and attributes: spoon | spooon | ladle | tong/slotted spoon (cleanliness | cleanness,moisture,temperature), saucepan | sauce pan (fullness | volume), tongs (cleanness,temperature,moisture), food | mixture (location), buns (fullness,wetness,taste), plate (weight,fullness), 
Step: Use a spoon or ladle to drizzle the sauce from the pan onto the hot dogs.
Entities and attributes: spoon | spooon | ladle | tong/slotted spoon (moisture,cleanliness | cleanness), stove burner | pan (volume), hot dogs | hotdogs | olives (wetness | moisture,shape | temperature), sauce (location), plate (volume), 

A person's goal is to clean vegetables in an environmentally friendly way.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill a medium sized bowl halfway up with water.
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight,volume | fullness,wetness | moisture,volume), faucet (power), water (location), 
Step: Place your potato/carrot in the bowl and allow it to soak for one minute.
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight,volume | fullness), potato | potato/carrot (wetness | moisture,location,wetness,texture,temperature), water level (height), the time (time), water (cleanness), 
Step: Retrieve the vegetable after the minute is up and gently scrub with an unused Scotch Brite easy cleaning pad.
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight,volume | fullness), vegetable | veggie | veggies | vegetables (cleanness,location), water level in bowl (height), pad (location), cleaning pad (cleanness,usage | wetness), surface of veggie (texture), scotch brite pad (moisture | temperature,weight), 
Step: Repeat steps for each additional vegetable############
Entities and attributes: bowl (weight,volume | fullness), vegetable | veggie | veggies | vegetables (cleanness), each additional vegetable (cleanness), water level in bowl (height), cleaning pad (usage | wetness), other veggies (moisture,texture), scotch brite (weight,temperature), steps (repetition), carrots (wetness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: vegetable | veggie | veggies | vegetables (cleanness), task (completeness), 

A person's goal is to turn baby bootees into drawer scenters.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find some baby bootees that you no longer need to use.
Entities and attributes: booties | bootties | boottie (location,smell | odor,volume), box (orientation), 
Step: Choose your favourite potpourri scent.
Entities and attributes: potpourri | potpourri bootie (location,knowledge), booties | bootties | boottie (smell | odor,volume,weight), package (openness,weight), 
Step: Fill each bootee with potpourri.
Entities and attributes: potpourri | potpourri bootie (location), booties | bootties | boottie (volume,smell | odor,fullness), package (openness,volume,weight), 
Step: Arrange the potpourri filled bootees in clothing drawers.
Entities and attributes: booties | bootties | boottie (location), drawers (smell | odor,volume,scent), 
Step: Replace the potpourri every few months to ensure that the odour remains fresh and true.
Entities and attributes: potpourri | potpourri bootie (newness | freshness), booties | bootties | boottie (smell | odor,volume), potporrui (odor), drawers (smell | odor,scent), 

A person's goal is to cut a papaya.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare a papaya and other fruit.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness,location,texture), papaya (ownership,location,shape | taste,composition,cleanness), papaya skin (location), fruit (cleanness), skin (location), 
Step: Papayas taste good with both cream and juice bases.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,fullness | weight,noisture), papaya (location,shape | taste,composition,moisture), cream (location), 
Step: Enhance your smoothie with extra flavors or supplements to make it a complete meal.
Entities and attributes: supplements (location,moisture), blender (fullness | weight,power), papaya (texture), smoothie (taste,composition), blades (motion), 
Step: Place the fruit, base, and extras in a blender.
Entities and attributes: papaya mixture (texture), base container (weight,fullness), blender (cleanness,fullness | weight,power,volume,clean), papaya (location), fruit and extras (composition,location,size,texture), fruit (texture), base (location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Serve the smoothie.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,fullness | weight), tall glass | glass (location,cleanness,weight,volume,fullness), smoothie (location), straw (location), person (orientation), 

A person's goal is to build deck stairs.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Include certain basic or nominal features, such as a minimum width of 48 inches (1200 mm), tread of 10.5 inches (275 mm), and a height of the riser or step of approximately 7-to-8 inches (175-to-200 mm) in your design.
Entities and attributes: design (skill,organization), dimensions (knowledge), 
Step: Measure the height of the stair from the bottom of the decking -- or top of the floor joist -- to the ground and then divide by the 7-to-8 inches (175-to- 200 mm).
Entities and attributes: height (organization | knowledge), length (skill), 
Step: Lay out the steps on the stringer, using 2 x 12-inch (50 x 304 mm) treated wood, with a framing square.
Entities and attributes: stringer (composition), steps (skill,location), wood (size), 
Step: Cut the riser and steps out with a circular saw, but stop just short of cutting through.
Entities and attributes: saw | circular saw (power), risers (skill), riser (shape), blade (speed), wood (length,size,odor), 
Step: Install the stringers by attaching them at the top of the deck outside the framing using metal floor joist hangers.
Entities and attributes: hangers (weight), stringers (location,installation,orientation), joist hangers (organization,complexity), nails (location), 

A person's goal is to do the hammer slammer glitch in halo 3.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Acquire a Gravity Hammer.
Entities and attributes: gravity hammer (ownership), hammer (ownership), 
Step: Flip over a Mongoose.
Entities and attributes: hammer (orientation), 
Step: Jump on the Mongoose.
Entities and attributes: you (location), mongoose (condition), 
Step: Crouch on the metal square with ridges, aim down ( or at a small angle) and hit the Mongoose with your gravity hammer.
Entities and attributes: you (focus,orientation), 
Step: Experiment with different uses and techniques.
Entities and attributes: you (focus), 

A person's goal is to make tacos in a bag.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean the food, making sure to thoroughly wash all vegetables.
Entities and attributes: sink (moisture,power,wetness), vegetables | dirt | tomatoes (cleanness | location,moisture | wetness), strainer (moisture), water (movement), 
Step: Cook the ground beef.
Entities and attributes: beef | ground beef (temperature,location), stove (power,temperature), frying pan | pan (temperature,weight,cleanness), 
Step: Chop the vegetables.While the meat is cooking get out your chopping boards and start chopping the onions,lettuce,and cubing the tomatoes.
Entities and attributes: cutting board | knife | chopping board (cleanness,moisture,moisture,fullness,container), lettuce (shape), onions | onion (composition | shape), vegetables | dirt | tomatoes (composition,size | shape,shape), 
Step: Serve the food.Get out five small serving bowls(one for each food except for the Fritos) and five serving spoons.Take the Fritos and crush them,but keep them inside the bag.Now open them and put any of the toppings on them.
Entities and attributes: food (location), serving bowls | spoons | bowls (cleanness,weight,location), lettuce (location), onions | onion (location), vegetables | dirt | tomatoes (location), fritos (shape), meat (location), bowls (fullness), tomato (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: food (skill), toppings (location), chip bags (temperature), chip bag (weight,openness), chips (taste), bag (fullness), 

A person's goal is to patch hairline cracks in plaster.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make a runny paste for applying to the crack.
Entities and attributes: ingredients for paste (composition), paste | plaster (viscosity), wall | salt (wetness | moisture), salt (location), powder for paste (moisture), water (location), powder (location), bowl (cleanness,fullness), mix (composition), 
Step: Clean the surface of the wall where the hairline cracks are.
Entities and attributes: wall | salt (cleanness,wetness | moisture,texture), sponge | cleaning rag (wetness), 
Step: Apply the paste using an artist's brush.
Entities and attributes: crack (orientation,coverage), paste | plaster (location,shape), wall | salt (wetness | moisture,texture), brush (cleanness | wetness,color), 
Step: Allow to dry before repainting over it.
Entities and attributes: paste | plaster (wetness), wall | salt (wetness | moisture,texture), 
Step: Repeat if needed.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to be a good medic at call of duty 3.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose to play as a medic.
Entities and attributes: character type (skill), medic (step), 
Step: Do not run into the middle of combat with guns blazing.
Entities and attributes: player location (location), you (focus), 
Step: Help your fellow comrades!
Entities and attributes: comrades (status), teammates (status), you (focus), medic (event), 
Step: If you must engage in combat, or if you are the only one around, always use alternative weapons, and not the pistol.
Entities and attributes: pistol (location), you (knowledge), 
Step: If you do get involved in combat, aim down the sight and fire at the enemy.
Entities and attributes: you (knowledge), weapons (position), attention (focus), 

A person's goal is to make a chinese stir fry.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour about a spoonful of olive oil in a pan and place it over medium-high heat.
Entities and attributes: the olive oil container (weight | volume), the pan | the plate (temperature,weight,cleanness,volume), pan | stove (location,temperature,weight,texture | wetness,smoothness), oil (temperature), olive oil | spoon (temperature,location | container), 
Step: Add the baby corn, water chestnuts, scallops, and other vegetables in the pan.
Entities and attributes: the sound of the pan (sound), the pan | the plate (weight,volume), vegetables | the ingredients (shape | temperature | taste,texture,composition,location,temperature), scallops (location), pan | stove (weight), water chestnuts (location), ingredients (location,temp), baby corn (location), 
Step: Fry everything for about 3 minutes.
Entities and attributes: the air around the stove (temperature), the smell of the food (odor), the food cooking (sound), the flavors (taste), the pan | the plate (thermal conductivity), sprouts (location), vegetables | the ingredients (shape | temperature | taste,temperature,texture,odor | color), ingredients (texture), broccoli (location), carrots (location), 
Step: Add the desired amount of stir-fry sauce.
Entities and attributes: stir frt sauce | the stir-fry sauce | sauce (location,temperature,volume), the stir-fry sauce bottle (weight), stir fry sauce | stir-fry sauce (location), the pan | the plate (weight,volume), stir fry | stir-fry | plate (taste,moisture), pan | stove (weight), 
Step: Remove from the heat and serve.
Entities and attributes: the pan | the plate (weight,cleanness,temperature,location), stir fry | stir-fry | plate (temperature,weight | location,cleanliness), pan | stove (location), the food (location), 

A person's goal is to grow bird&#x27;s nest fern as an indoor plant.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plant the bird's nest fern in good quality potting soil.
Entities and attributes: bird's nest fern (location), water | soil (location), plant | fern (location), pot (volume), 
Step: Water very generously during warmer months and in warm indoor environments.
Entities and attributes: water | soil (location | wetness), plant | fern (wetness | shape), nest (wetness), 
Step: Mist the fronds occasionally to improve humidity.
Entities and attributes: fronds (wetness), spray bottle (volume), humidity (strength), 
Step: Ensure that the plant has access to bright light but of an indirect source.
Entities and attributes: potted plant (location), plabt (brightness), 
Step: A light feeding plant, keep the dosages of fertilizer low.
Entities and attributes: fertilizer (location), 
Step: Cut away any dead growth as it appears.
Entities and attributes: dead growth (location | presence), scissors (location), plant | fern (wetness | shape,size), 

A person's goal is to make a viola tennis racket.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get rid of all the extra bits.
Entities and attributes: the viola (weight | thickness), the violin | the inside of the viola (composition | volume), extra bits (placement), strings (location), the bits (location), 
Step: Fill the inside of the viola with expanding builders foam.
Entities and attributes: viola (volume), the viola (weight | thickness), the violin | the inside of the viola (composition | volume,density), expanding foam (location), inside of the viola (volume), the foam (usage), 
Step: Once it's set, gently break off the excess foam.
Entities and attributes: the violin | the inside of the viola (composition | volume), foam (hardness), the excess foam (location,complexity), 
Step: Apply hard polyurethane varnish to the body of the viola.
Entities and attributes: viola (volume), the viola (weight | thickness), the violin | the inside of the viola (composition | volume), varnish (location), paintbrush (cleanness), the varnish (location), 
Step: Cover the neck with good quality tennis grip.
Entities and attributes: the neck of the viola (covering), the violin | the inside of the viola (hardness,complexity,purpose), tennis grip (step), viola neck (coverage), the grip (location), the neck (weight | thickness), the violin neck (form), neck (coverage), 
Step: Finished!##################You should have a beautifully finished Viola Tennis Racket!######It should be hard and durable yet light and easy to use!######It will even pack away nicely in your racket bag!
Entities and attributes: viola (volume,durability,weight,location), the violin | the inside of the viola (hardness,familiarity), viola wood (hardness), 

A person's goal is to pitch a basha (tarp) tent.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Spread out the basha where you intend to pitch it up.
Entities and attributes: basha (organization,location), tent (pressure), basha location (location), 
Step: Set up the two gadget poles and tie a string across.
Entities and attributes: poles (composition,location), gadget poles | string (location,location), two gadget poles (step), 
Step: Spread the basha over the middle line.
Entities and attributes: basha (organization,location,orientation), middle line (placement), 
Step: Adjust the corners till the tent is taut and well spread.
Entities and attributes: basha (tightness), tent (pressure,organization), corners (location), 
Step: Adjust all four corners one at a time until the groundsheet is taut and evenly spread out.
Entities and attributes: groundsheet (organization,placement), tent (pressure), four corners (location), 
Step: Put a groundsheet in the middle and your shelter is complete.
Entities and attributes: groundsheet (location), shelter (step), 

A person's goal is to paint pine.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill in holes and imperfections on the pine.
Entities and attributes: wood filler container (fullness | weight), pine | paint | paint brush (composition), table | surface (composition), spackle tool (cleanness), wood filler (openness,location), holes (container), 
Step: Use a hand-held sanding pad or an electric sander and rub it over the wood to make the surface smooth and even.
Entities and attributes: table | surface (texture), electric sander (power,motion), sanding pad (age,cleanness,texture), sander (use), 
Step: This step is essential before painting because it will provide a treated surface, and will ensure that the paint sticks to the pine.
Entities and attributes: pine | paint | paint brush (cleanness | moisture), table | surface (wetness,moisture,priming), primer container (weight), primer (openness), 
Step: Choose a paint color for the pine.
Entities and attributes: pine | paint | paint brush (cleanness | moisture,color), table | surface (color,color,moisture), paint bucket | paint buakcet (weight), paint color (color choice), 
Step: Apply a second coat of paint.
Entities and attributes: pine | paint | paint brush (composition,cleanness | moisture,coverage), table | surface (texture,thickness), paint bucket | paint buakcet (openness), 
Step: Leave the pine alone for 1 week.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to apply deoxit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase the right type of Deoxit for your application.
Entities and attributes: deoxit (location | ownership), money (location), 
Step: Remove the case from your receiver or amplifier.
Entities and attributes: receiver (coverage,composition), case (location,orientation), 
Step: Just behind the knobs on the faceplate (the ones that control volume, tone, balance, et cetera) you will find the pots.
Entities and attributes: pots (visibility), 
Step: Spray the Deoxit into the first pot.
Entities and attributes: deoxit (location | ownership), pot (wetness | texture), 
Step: Rotate the knob attached to the pot repeatedly.
Entities and attributes: hand (power), 
Step: Allow the Deoxit to dry.
Entities and attributes: deoxit (moisture), pot (wetness | texture), 

A person's goal is to make paleo coffee brownies.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Melt the chocolate chips in a saucepan over low heat.
Entities and attributes: stove (power | electric conductivity), saucepan (temperature,container,wetness), chocolate chips (texture | composition,shape | form,temperature,odor), 
Step: Add the instant coffee/ground espresso beans.
Entities and attributes: chocolate | mixture (granularity), coffee/espresso/chocolate (composition), coffee/espresso (location,temperature,odor), coffee (location), 
Step: In a separate mixing bowl, blend eggs, coconut sugar, vanilla and salt on low speed.
Entities and attributes: eggs, sugar, vanilla, salt (composition,location,temperature), sugar | coconut sugar (location), vanilla (location), mixer (power), eggs (location,shape), salt (location), mixing bowl (wetness,cleaness), bowl (volume), 
Step: Pour the melted chocolate into the mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: chocolate | mixture (location,temperature,taste), melted chocoalte (location), 
Step: Pour into a 8x8 baking dish, either greased or covered with parchment paper.
Entities and attributes: chocolate | mixture (location,shape), baking dish (wetness), brownie batter (location), 
Step: Bake at 350 °F (177 °C) for 25-30 minutes.
Entities and attributes: chocolate | mixture (texture), baking pan | pan (temperature,location), oven (power,temperature), mix in pan (composition,taste), brownie batter (temperature), brownies (temperature), 

A person's goal is to go to the city in animal crossing city folk.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to your town gate.
Entities and attributes: character (location), you (location), 
Step: Press A on the Wii Remote, or C on the Nunchuk on the bus stop sign.
Entities and attributes: a and c (power), wii (electric conductivity), 
Step: Select the option, 'Go to the city'.
Entities and attributes: options (knowledge), 
Step: A bus will drive up, and your character will board the bus.
Entities and attributes: character (location,speed), bus (location), 
Step: Kapp'n or Rover will talk to you a little bit while you drive to the city.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: You will pull up at the city!
Entities and attributes: character (location), you (location), 

A person's goal is to protect cedar shingles.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Regularly clear debris off of the shingles.
Entities and attributes: material your shingles are made of (knowledge), shingles (cleanness), ladder safety tips (knowledge), debris (location), gutters (fullness,cleanness), ladder (location), person | temperature (location), leaves (location), dirt (location), gloves (cleanness), brush (location), 
Step: Clear ice and snow off of the shingles.
Entities and attributes: snow shovel (moisture), snow | ice (location), roof (exposure), ice texture (texture), person | temperature (temperature), 
Step: Keep inside areas behind the shingles properly insulated.
Entities and attributes: shingles (temperature), roof area (temperature), knowledge of insulation types (knowledge), heat (location,power), trap door in ceiling (location), interior humidity (magnitude), attic access (knowledge), insulation (location), 
Step: Power wash the cedar every 1 or 2 years.
Entities and attributes: pressure washer (power), spray pressure to use for cedar (setting), shingles (color), how to use a power washer (knowledge), roof (moisture,cleanness), cedar shingles (appearance), rood shingles (cleanness), power washer (location), shoes (moisture), 
Step: Remove moldy or rotten shingles.
Entities and attributes: shingles (age,location), replacement shingles (location), belt with pockets (clothing), roofing nails (location), hammer (location), gloves (cleanness), 
Step: Treat your shingles with bleaching oil or clear coat solution.
Entities and attributes: bleaching oil (location), shingles (cleanness,moisture), bleach oil (openness), paint brush (cleanness | moisture), safe treatments for cedar (knowledge), bleach crystals (location), cedar shakes (color), linseed oil (location), 

A person's goal is to keep homemade cookies soft.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add some extra butter to the recipe.
Entities and attributes: cookies (texture | smoothness | hardness,color | odor | taste,temperature), butter (location,shape), 
Step: Don't let them burn.
Entities and attributes: cookies (texture | smoothness | hardness,color | odor | taste,location | organization,temperature), oven (temp), 
Step: Let the cookies sit for a little while.
Entities and attributes: cookies (texture | smoothness | hardness,temperature), 
Step: If you use applesauce for about one quarter of the amount of oil called for in the recipe, your cookies will stay a bit softer and give your cookies a little fruity taste.
Entities and attributes: cookies (texture | smoothness | hardness,color | odor | taste,health), 
Step: Store your cookies correctly.
Entities and attributes: cookies (location | organization,temperature), 
Step: Add a slice of bread.
Entities and attributes: bread | bread slice (location | composition), cookies (texture | smoothness | hardness), 

A person's goal is to drop in on a halfpipe with a skateboard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set your board up on the coping with the trucks over the edge of the ramp.
Entities and attributes: skateboard | skate boarder (location), the board (location), skateboard's wheels (support), board (location,{}), 
Step: Get a friend to hold the end of the board and let you stomp like you were a child having a temper tantrum on the truck bolts as hard as you can.
Entities and attributes: skateboard | skate boarder (weight), the board (weight), you | body (location), the end of the board (grip), feet | foot (location), hand (location), 
Step: Ask you friend to let go so you can actually drop in.
Entities and attributes: you | body (location), the end of the board (grip), feet | foot (location), hand (location), 
Step: After your friend moves out of the way do the same stomping motion in the same place on the board, lean forward so you don't fall backward.
Entities and attributes: skateboard | skate boarder (angle), you | body (position | orientation), your friend | friend (location | position), weight (location), 
Step: Once you get rolling into the pipe place your feet more evened out and lean the way the pipe is shaped.
Entities and attributes: skateboard | skate boarder (position,speed), you | body (position | orientation,stance), feet | foot (distance), board (motion), 
Step: When you get to the other side of the pipe, bend your knees right before you get to the coping.
Entities and attributes: skateboard | skate boarder (location,speed), your knee (stance), you | body (location), knees (shape), legs (shape), 

A person's goal is to design a lace lamp.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Blow up the balloon and tie the end in a knot.
Entities and attributes: balloon | the balloon | ballon (pressure | size,volume,form | shape,weight,temperature), string | a string (length), knot (location), balloon end (tightness), air (location), 
Step: Cover the balloon with wallpaper glue.
Entities and attributes: balloon | the balloon | ballon (volume,texture | moisture,weight,moisture | wetness,clarity), the wall paper glue bottle (weight | volume), glue | the wall paper glue (location,moisture), bottle (volume), 
Step: Cover the balloon with the lace.
Entities and attributes: balloon | the balloon | ballon (texture | moisture,weight,complexity), the wall paper glue bottle (location), glue | the wall paper glue (moisture), lace (location,moisture,texture), the roll of lace (weight), the lace (location,shape,length), 
Step: Tie a long piece of string around the knot at the top of the balloon and hang on a piece of furniture to allow it to fully dry.
Entities and attributes: balloon | the balloon | ballon (texture | moisture,weight,moisture | wetness,location,form), lace (moisture), string | a string (location,organization,composition), the string (location,shape), knot (location), 
Step: Deflate the balloon carefully once the glue has fully dried.
Entities and attributes: balloon | the balloon | ballon (pressure | size,volume,texture | moisture,form | shape,weight), glue | the wall paper glue (wetness), lace (moisture,hardness), string | a string (location), 
Step: Insert the light through the top hole of the lace globe.
Entities and attributes: the globe (brightness,temperature,location), light | the light (location,electric conductivity,weight), you (focus), 

A person's goal is to melt lead.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set up your vessel and heating source.
Entities and attributes: the heat source | heat source (power | step), the vessel | vessel (step,location,temperature), 
Step: Put the lead into the vessel.
Entities and attributes: the lead | lead (weight | container,location), the vessel | vessel (weight,volume,placement), 
Step: Heat the lead until it melts.
Entities and attributes: the heat source | heat source (power | step,temperature,weight), the pan | the mold (temperature), the lead | lead (temperature,form), the vessel | vessel (temperature), 
Step: Pour the molten lead into its mold.
Entities and attributes: the pan | the mold (temperature,volume,weight,weight,volume), the lead | lead (form,shape), 
Step: Let the lead return to a safe temperature.
Entities and attributes: the lead | lead (temperature), 
Step: Clean up any spills.
Entities and attributes: the lead spills (location), the area | surface (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to cure manure.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose a suitable area for the manure compost pile or bins.
Entities and attributes: manure (location), location (location), bin (volume,cleanness,weight), area (location), 
Step: Build composting bins or create a manure pile.
Entities and attributes: composting bins (composition), bins of manure piles (action), manure (shape), 
Step: Add manure and other organic materials such as leaves, grass clippings, animal bedding, ash from a fireplace, and table scraps such as fruit, egg shells, and vegetables.
Entities and attributes: grass clippings (location), animal bedding (location), ash es (location), leaves (location), vegetables (location), fruit (location), materials (location), egg shells (location), ash (location), 
Step: Roll the curing manure pile weekly.
Entities and attributes: pile (density), 
Step: Curing manure requires a certain amount of moisture, and if your pile is not exposed to rain or if you are composting during a dry season, you may have to add moisture.
Entities and attributes: pile (wetness), compost (moisture), water (location), 
Step: Examine the compost to be sure the manure has cured sufficiently for use.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make pigs in the blanket with bisquick.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Preheat oven to 450 °F (232 °C).
Entities and attributes: oven temperature (temperature), bisquick (location), oven (temperature), 
Step: Make the biscuit dough following the Bisquick biscuit dough recipe.
Entities and attributes: bisquick mixture (location), water and mix (location), water (location), dough ingredients (composition), eggs (location), measuring cup (location), mixing bowl (location), mixture (form), 
Step: Cut the dough into 4 x 3-inch oblong shapes.
Entities and attributes: dough | dough pieces (location | shapes,shape,size), ruler (location), rolling pin (location), 
Step: Wrap each hot dog with the dough making sure to leave the hot dogs peeking out.
Entities and attributes: dough | dough pieces (shape), butter (location), hot dogs (location,length), cookie sheet (location), 
Step: Bake the Pigs in the Blankets for 15 minutes or until golden brown.
Entities and attributes: dough | dough pieces (color,texture), pigs in a blanket (temperature), color of items (color), over door (openness), interval (duration), pigs (temperature), cookie sheet (location), timer (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: dough | dough pieces (color), pigs in blanket (location), biscuits (location), food (location,taste), hot dogs (temperature), kitchen (cleanness), oven (temperature), 

A person's goal is to grow houseplants from clippings.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut off a piece of the house plant's stem.
Entities and attributes: house plant (shape), stem | container (composition | shape,location | container), plant stem (length), plant (composition), 
Step: Trim the stem to prepare it for new growth.
Entities and attributes: stem | container (composition | shape,composition | cleanness,size), 
Step: Dip the cut stem into rooting hormone.
Entities and attributes: rooting hormone (location), stem | container (composition | cleanness,wetness), 
Step: Place the houseplant cutting into its container.
Entities and attributes: stem | container (location | container), cutting (location), 
Step: Position the plant pot in a warm, well-lit spot.
Entities and attributes: plant pot (location), pot (location,temperature), 
Step: Repot the plant if desired.
Entities and attributes: stem | container (size), 

A person's goal is to set up a meat stall in runescape.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Follow this example of a meat stall.
Entities and attributes: game (power), screen (color), 
Step: Cook about 70 of them, although there isn't really a limit.
Entities and attributes: meats (temperature), food (temperature), 
Step: Go to Varrock center and take your meat from bank.
Entities and attributes: meat (location | ownership), you (location), 
Step: Go to one of the two stalls near the center of Varrock, around the fountain.
Entities and attributes: you (location), 
Step: Say something like, "Buy your meat at (your username)'s meat shop.
Entities and attributes: statement about buying meat (statement), you (volume), 
Step: Sell them at 5 coins for a shrimp or 3 coins for beef or chicken.
Entities and attributes: coins (ownership), chicken (location), meat (location | ownership,step), transactions (step), 

A person's goal is to decorate an evergreen wreath using only small lights.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Hang the wreath on a nail, loop a length of wire completely at the "top" of the wreath to form a hanger (20 gauge wire will do).
Entities and attributes: wreath (location,orientation,altitude), wire (length,orientation,placenment), nail (weight), 
Step: Take the artificial garland apart.
Entities and attributes: garland (organization,placement), 
Step: Determine where the power source will feed the light string.
Entities and attributes: power source (location), 
Step: Use a length of the artificial pine, twist it into your wreath and attach the male end of the light string.Turn on the lights.
Entities and attributes: pine limb | artificial pine | pine (shape | orientation,location), wreath (temp), male end (location), lights (power | color,location,placement), 
Step: Loosely drape the entire string of lights in and around the natural branches of your wreath.
Entities and attributes: lights (location), 
Step: Use the lengths of the artificial garland, follow the light string and anchor it to the natural foliage of the wreath.
Entities and attributes: light string (strength), garland (location), lights (stability), 

A person's goal is to make bacon wrapped shrimp canapes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine the vinegar, honey, dill, parsley, and olive oil into a bowl.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (composition,location), vinegar (location), dill (mositure), bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness), 
Step: Coat the shrimp by combining them in the mixture.
Entities and attributes: shrimp (taste | temperature,moisture), mixture (composition), 
Step: Roll the bacon lengthwise around the shrimp.
Entities and attributes: shrimp (coverage), bacon (location,shape), 
Step: Skewer the shrimps by piercing a wooden skewer sideways through the body.
Entities and attributes: shrimp (location,wholeness), skewer (cleanness,weight), 
Step: Grill pan the shrimps.
Entities and attributes: shrimp (taste | temperature), pan (temperature,cleanness,noise), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: shrimp (location), 

A person's goal is to make cornmeal rolls.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix and sift dry ingredients and cut in the fat.
Entities and attributes: fat | dry ingredients (step,composition), bowl | mixing bowl | spoon | whisk (weight,cleanness,location,fullness), cornmeal | cormeal (location,moisture), ingredients | dry ingredients (moisture | wetness), 
Step: Beat the egg and add to it the milk.
Entities and attributes: egg | milk | eggs (location | distance,location | composition,area,shape), bowl | mixing bowl | spoon | whisk (moisture,volume,form), egg and milk (composition), eggshell (composition), egg yolk (composition), whisk (cleanness), 
Step: Combine the liquid with the dry ingredients.
Entities and attributes: egg | milk | eggs (location | composition), fat | dry ingredients (composition), bowl | mixing bowl | spoon | whisk (weight), cornmeal | cormeal (moisture), egg bowl (weight), mixture (thickness), ingredients | dry ingredients (moisture | wetness,location), 
Step: Shape as rolls and bake in a hot oven 12 to 15 minutes.
Entities and attributes: oven | dough (power,temperature,cooked or not), rolls (temperature), dough (location | shape), mixture (shape,composition), cooking pan (location), baking sheet (lining), 
Step: Remove and allow to cool on a wire baking rack prior to eating.
Entities and attributes: oven | dough (power), rolls (temperature,location), cooling rack (temperature), wire rack (volume), tongs (cleanness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: rolls (temperature,location), rack (cleanness,temperature), basket (fullness,weight), 

A person's goal is to be safe on a dune buggy.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Some weather is unsuitable for driving, in particular rainy weather, because wet ground can cause a dune buggy to slip up.
Entities and attributes: dune buggy (stability), ground (wetness,stability), 
Step: Find a large open area.
Entities and attributes: you (location), area (the area), 
Step: A good, strong, well-fitting safety helmet should always be worn, and can be found at most sporting goods stores.
Entities and attributes: helmet (helmet), you (knowledge), head (head), 
Step: Be careful when driving.
Entities and attributes: driving (carefulness), 
Step: Turn on the headlights.
Entities and attributes: the headlights | headlights (power | headlights,brightness), visibility (brightness), 
Step: Have a supervisor.
Entities and attributes: supervisor (presence), rider (rider), 

A person's goal is to play open gates.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a large open are, and designate distinctive boundaries.
Entities and attributes: person (location), boundaries (location,determination), play area (color), area (organization), 
Step: Choose a person to be it.
Entities and attributes: person (designation), everyone (composition), players (organization), 'it' (selection), 
Step: They then shout a person's name, and try to tag them.
Entities and attributes: person (movement,breathrate), childrens heartrate (speed), it person (focus,organization), area (sound), children (movement,noise), 
Step: The tagger can tag anyone at any time once they begin crossing.
Entities and attributes: person (touching), tagger (momentum,designation), runner (tagging), 
Step: You must go to the other side; you can't wait.
Entities and attributes: you (location), player (speed), 
Step: If the tagger tags the called person , the new it has to to tag the previous it before they make it to the other side.
Entities and attributes: person (designation,tagging), tagger (organization), runner (designation), 

A person's goal is to test for a faulty fuel pump on a saturn s series.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Listen for the fuel pump to run.
Entities and attributes: ability to recognize fuel pump | ability to recognize sound of healthy fuel pump | ability to recognize sound of unhealthy fuel pump (knowledge), fuel (location), hypothesis for fuel pump (knowledge), attention | fuel pump relay switch (focus | location), fuel pump (sound), hood (position), door (openness), fuel supply to engine (volume), saturn s series car (availability), hands (motion), car (power), 
Step: Listen for the relay to switch.
Entities and attributes: relay | fuel pump relay relay click (motion), hypothesis for relay switch (knowledge), attention | fuel pump relay switch (focus | location), knowledge of what fuel pump relay is | ability to reconnize fuel pump relay switch sound (knowledge | sound), panel (openness), power (power), switch (sound), body (location), legs (shape), 
Step: If the relay is not "clicking," try swapping it for the relay that controls the horn (if the horn is working).
Entities and attributes: relay | fuel pump relay relay click (sound,location), fingers (motion), ability to identify relay that controls the horn (availability), horn (state of test,sound), tools necessary  to remove switch (knowledge of knowledge), horn relay switch | horn relay (location), necessary tools (location), original relay (location), connector (power), wires (organization), hands (volume), 
Step: Test for voltage to the pump.
Entities and attributes: voltage tester (location), tester (power), screen (brightness), port (volume), voltage meter | knowledge of how to use voltage meter (availability | knowledge), cable (power), hands (volume), 
Step: Test the ground on the pump.
Entities and attributes: pump (power), attention | fuel pump relay switch (focus | location), fingers (pressure), power (power), ability to locate fuel pump ground wire (knowledge), knowledge of electrical grounding (knowledge), hands (motion), wire (location), ground (power), 
Step: If you have voltage to the pump and the ground is good, then you may have a faulty fuel pump.
Entities and attributes: pump (sound), voltage to the pump (knowledge), screwdriver (location), hypothesis (knowledge), conclusion (knowledge), grounding (knowledge), gloves (location), arms (motion), hands (coverage), legs (shape), 

A person's goal is to make gluten free potato soup.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a large pot, add the diced potatoes, carrots, and celery.
Entities and attributes: pot | large pot | ingredients | large pop | stove (weight | fullness | volume,weight,location,moisture), potatoes (composition), carrots (composition), celery (composition), water (location), vegetables (size), potato (shape), carrot (shape), 
Step: Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer.
Entities and attributes: pot | large pot | ingredients | large pop | stove (location,power,temperature), potatoes (temperature), carrots (texture), blender | mixture (temperature), stove top (power), water (motion), burner (temperature), 
Step: Cook the vegetables until very tender.
Entities and attributes: potatoes (texture), carrots (texture), celery (texture), fork (cleanness), spoon (cleanness), vegetables (texture,hardness,doneness), liquids (taste), 
Step: Pour the soup into a blender and blend until smooth.
Entities and attributes: soup | bowl | parsley | spoon (texture), blender | mixture (cleanness,weight | fullness,location,power,temperature), mixture (texture), liquids (thickness), 
Step: Blend for 2 minutes.
Entities and attributes: soup | bowl | parsley | spoon (temperature), potatoes (texture), carrots (texture), blender | mixture (time,power), celery (texture), motor (temperature), blades (movement), 
Step: Serve warm or hot with parsley as a garnish.
Entities and attributes: soup | bowl | parsley | spoon (temperature,weight,location,size,location), blender | mixture (weight | fullness), serving bowl (cleanness,fullness), 

A person's goal is to make a trampoline wrestling ring for cheap.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Obtain a decent sized trampoline.
Entities and attributes: your space (space), trampoline (location), you (possession), 
Step: Go to your local lumberyard a get about 4 or 5, 6 x 6 pieces of plywood (if a 12 x 12 trampoline).
Entities and attributes: lumber | plywood (location,shape), your load (weight), you (location,possession,money), 
Step: Place the boards together.
Entities and attributes: the boards | boards (placement | location,orientation), hammer (location), 
Step: Cover it with a big tarp, or some type of canvas.
Entities and attributes: the boards | boards (look), it (visibility,weight), tarp (location), 
Step: Make the ring post and ropes:
Entities and attributes: the ring (step), ropes (location), 
Step: Add the ropes: Get garden hose and run cable through it.
Entities and attributes: the garden hose (containing,weight), hose (volume,location), the ropes (placement), the cable (visibility), 

A person's goal is to make and use a keyhole gaff.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the items needed to make this gaff.
Entities and attributes: items | items needed (location | items | placement), rod (location), hands | hand (motion), table (volume), legs (temperature), body (motion), 
Step: With the jigsaw, cut the keyhole and the slot on the side.
Entities and attributes: device (power), keyhole (keyhole | step), side (side), jigsaw (location,cleanness,step), tool (power), wood (composition), room (sound), plug (electric conductivity), cord (position), 
Step: Use this device for landing fish that weigh more than the breaking strength of your fishing line.
Entities and attributes: device (moisture,use), fish | fishing rod (location), hook (location), skin (temperature), hands | hand (pressure), pole (position), boat (texture), 
Step: To use this device, reel the fish until it is below you and slip the device over the main line.
Entities and attributes: device (location,orientation,device), fish | fishing rod (location,fish | step), back (position), fingers (motion), hands | hand (pressure), line (pressure), 
Step: After snagging the swivel, set your rod down and pull the fish up with the cord.
Entities and attributes: fish | fishing rod (location,movement,fish | step), rod (rod), hook (location), road (placement), muscles (temperature), hands | hand (pressure), knees (position), arms (pressure), 
Step: Do not use a snap swivel because it might come apart from the stress.
Entities and attributes: snap swivel (location), hands | hand (movement), 

A person's goal is to knit an ipod cover with button clasp.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start by casting on 18 stitches.
Entities and attributes: knitting needles (availability), yarn (location,length,texture,shape,ownership), 
Step: To follow this pattern, you will need to use the , consisting of one knitted row followed by one purled row and so on.
Entities and attributes: yarn (shape,composition,size,{}), 
Step: Begin by knitting 80 rows of stockinette stitch.
Entities and attributes: yarn (composition), 
Step: When you have finished, cast off.
Entities and attributes: yarn (shape,connection), item (step), 
Step: To finish off your iPod cover you will need to sew the seams together.
Entities and attributes: pieces of cover (step), seams (shape), 
Step: Sew a decorative button onto the flap of the iPod cover.
Entities and attributes: button (shape,location), cover (step), 

A person's goal is to perform the trapped bill bar trick.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the bill between the two bottles.
Entities and attributes: bottles (location,orientation), bill (location), 
Step: Be certain that the beer bottles are perfectly aligned with one another.
Entities and attributes: beer bottles (location), bottles (orientation), 
Step: Using your left hand, hold on to the bill.
Entities and attributes: my left hand (location), bill (location), hand (volume), 
Step: Form a sort of "valley" in the bill.
Entities and attributes: bill (orientation,shape), 
Step: Raise your right hand. With as much force as you can muster, bring your pointer finger down on the bill.
Entities and attributes: right hand (location), hand (volume,height), 
Step: Leave your friends in awe!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to fold a blanket into a donut.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lay your blanket out.
Entities and attributes: blanket (shape | volume,location), 
Step: ######Fold the blanket in half, then start rolling one of the sides.
Entities and attributes: blanket (shape | volume,length), side (shape), hands (power), 
Step: ######Continue rolling until your blanket looks like a sausage.
Entities and attributes: blanket (shape | volume), 
Step: Fold the messier end of the blanket inside the neater one.
Entities and attributes: blanket (shape | volume), blanket ends (orientation), messier end (location), 
Step: The thinner you blanket is the hole in the middle will look slightly different to mine and the width will be smaller.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Place it on your bed, and add a stuffed animal if you'd like.
Entities and attributes: blanket (shape | volume,location), stuffed animal (location), bed (volume), 

A person's goal is to bury valuables to keep them safe.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: You must pick a burial ground that leaves you a window of time alone and out of sight in which you will bury your package.
Entities and attributes: valuables (safety), shovel (cleanness,moisture), package (location), burial spot (covering), ground | schedule (organization | composition), 
Step: Your package must meet three requirements: a) Watertight, b) Structurally sound, and c) as compact as possible.
Entities and attributes: burial objects (size), valuables (safety), package (size,hardness,location,organization,composition), 
Step: During your window of burying opportunity, sneak to your chosen destination and dig.
Entities and attributes: time of day (time), burial objects (location), valuables (safety), shovel (cleanness,location), destination (organization), package (cleanness), person (location), soil (location), 
Step: Dig up a nearby shrub and plant it on your spot, cover it with a rock, or plant some grass, anything to make it look like someone hadn't just been digging there.
Entities and attributes: shrub (location), package (location), burial spot (covering), ground | schedule (covering), hiding (condition), grass (orientation), plant (orientation), hole (composition), 
Step: Leave your package alone until you are ready to retrieve it.
Entities and attributes: person (location,orientation), 
Step: Keep quiet.
Entities and attributes: person (volume), 

A person's goal is to race your street motorcycle.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Call your motorcycle shop and ask them if there is a race track with a motorcycle “Track Day".
Entities and attributes: phone (power | activity,location), smartphone (sound), screen (brightness), device (electric conductivity), hand | hands (volume), fingers (motion), 
Step: Get protective gear (don't skimp here):
Entities and attributes: protective gear (availability,possession), wallet (thickness), gear | meat (location), head (coverage), legs (weight), bag (weight), helmet (location), shoes (location), closet (volume), clothing (temperature), goggles (location), 
Step: Go over your motorcycle thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: motorcycle (power), driveway (brightness), light (brightness), hand | hands (volume), legs (position), body (location), 
Step: Transport your bike to the track.
Entities and attributes: motorcycle (movement), kickstand (position), gloves (location), helmet (power), body (temperature), bike (location,power), 
Step: Eat protein for breakfast.
Entities and attributes: gear | meat (location), stove (power), pan (temperature), stomach (volume), fork (location), body (power), plate (location), 
Step: Listen carefully to the instructor.
Entities and attributes: phone (power | activity), screen (brightness), device (location), laptop (location), fingers (movement), eyes (location), 

A person's goal is to play wiggles.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Provide each guest with pencil and paper.
Entities and attributes: papers | paper (location,composition), paper package (weight,fullness), pencils (location), guests (availability,possession), 
Step: Have each player draw a line (wiggle) about an inch and a half/3 centimeter (1.2 in) long with one or more quirks in it, in the upper left hand corner of the paper.
Entities and attributes: papers | paper (composition,color,cleanness), ink (location,moisture), pencils (sharpness), pen (form), 
Step: Pass the papers with wiggles drawn on them to the player to the right who must draw some picture out of the "wiggle" in the corner.
Entities and attributes: papers | paper (ownership,location,complexity), people (actions | activities), 
Step: Allow five minutes for the players to complete their drawings.
Entities and attributes: drawings (completion), ink (location,moisture), clock (age), 
Step: At the end of this time, ask each player to add his or her name on the paper and hand it to the hostess.
Entities and attributes: papers | paper (ownership,location,composition), drawings (labeling), hostess (ownership), players (availability), name (location), 
Step: Award prizes.
Entities and attributes: winning players (availability), 

A person's goal is to use leftover potatoes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: You might even like to make a .
Entities and attributes: the potatoes | potatoes | the potato | potato | the plate | potatos (temperature,width | weight,shape | volume,texture | taste,cooked or not), plate (cleanness,weight,fullness), 
Step: Turn leftover mashed potato into potato patties or savory cakes, such as ricotta and potato cakes.
Entities and attributes: the container of mashed potatoes (weight), the potatoes | potatoes | the potato | potato | the plate | potatos (temperature,composition | taste,composition,texture | taste,textrue | shape), potato cakes (composition), cheese | the cheese (location), stove | pan (power,temperature,fullness), the container (volume), 
Step: Chop cold potatoes into cubes and make potato salad.
Entities and attributes: the potatoes | potatoes | the potato | potato | the plate | potatos (composition | taste,location,shape | volume,texture | taste,color), the plate | cutting board | knife (weight,cleanness,moisture), knife (cleanness), ingredients (organization), 
Step: It's delicious, especially drizzled with rosemary and olive oil.
Entities and attributes: rosemary container (weight | fullness), the potatoes | potatoes | the potato | potato | the plate | potatos (width | weight,shape | volume,size,texture | taste,compossition | size), oil bottle (weight), the plate | cutting board | knife (weight,cleanness), olive oil | oil (location), plate (weight), rosemary (location), mayonnaise (location), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Just be aware that the skin gets very tough but it can keep lots of delicious stuffing inside, so simply mash up the inner potato and mix in  kernels, salsa, sour cream, beans, whatever you like and enjoy a mini mash inside the skin.
Entities and attributes: the potatoes | potatoes | the potato | potato | the plate | potatos (composition | taste,wetness,location,composition,texture | taste), the sour cream | sour cream (location), cheese | the cheese (location), the plate | cutting board | knife (weight), plate (weight), beans (location | locatoin), fork (cleanness), salsa (location), kernels (location), 
Step: Make potato bread.
Entities and attributes: the potatoes | potatoes | the potato | potato | the plate | potatos (temperature,composition | taste,shape | texture,location,texture | taste), the knife (cleanness), bread pan (fullness,cleanness), oven | bread ban (power,temperature), flour (location), yeast (location), 

A person's goal is to make english custard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the vanilla pod.
Entities and attributes: vanilla pd | vanilla pod (shape), pod (shape), 
Step: Put the sliced vanilla pod into the pan and pour in the cream.
Entities and attributes: vanilla pd | vanilla pod (location), cream (location,taste), pan | pod (wetness | cleanness,container), vanilla (composition), 
Step: Combine cream and egg mixture.
Entities and attributes: eggs and cream | egg mixture (composition), egg (location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Transfer to pan and heat to thicken.
Entities and attributes: pan | pod (temperature), mixture | liquid (location,thickness | texture,temperature,temperature), 
Step: Using the spatula stir it gently until it thickens.
Entities and attributes: mixture | liquid (thickness), spatula (location,cleanness | wetness), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: mixture | liquid (location,form), 

A person's goal is to backpack in australia.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Be prepared for the sheer size of Australia when travelling through it.
Entities and attributes: preparation for country geography (location), size of australia (knowledge), airline ticket (cost), money for trip (availability), location (location), traveler (prepareness), route (knowledge), map (knowledge), 
Step: Stay in backpacker hostels and other budget accommodation.
Entities and attributes: location of hostels (knowledge), hostel reservations (step), hotels' cost (knowledge), own pillow (location), person (location), backpack (location), 
Step: Take care of yourself.
Entities and attributes: animal identification book (availability), familiarity with wildlife (familiarity), book | boots (location), loud whistle (availability), information (knowledge), traveler (caring), legs (state of pants which are protective), 
Step: Take care when hiking.
Entities and attributes: backpack straps (shape), hiking route (knowledge), shin guards (location), vigilance (location), glovers (location), hat (location), book | boots (location), 
Step: As discussed in the step above, the sun is fierce over Australia.
Entities and attributes: suntan lotion (location), sunscreen (location), sun hat (availability), jacket (location), water (location), hat (location), topic (topic discussion), skin (covering), 
Step: Enjoy.
Entities and attributes: enjoyment (location), koala (location), lips (activity), 

A person's goal is to cut laminate flooring.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use a circular saw or a handsaw with at least 18 teeth per inch to avoid chipping it.
Entities and attributes: laminate (composition | shape | organization), saw (location), blade (location), 
Step: Mark the line on the laminate flooring.
Entities and attributes: laminate flooring (color), the flooring (composition), chalk (shape), pencil (sharpness), 
Step: Leave the laminate facing right-side-up and cut it with a circular saw or handsaw.
Entities and attributes: laminate (composition | shape | organization,weight), flooring (composition), saw (power), saw blade (cleanness), floor (cleanness), 
Step: Choose a jigsaw with a standard blade or one with a laminate flooring jigsaw blade with fine teeth.
Entities and attributes: jigsaw (location), blade (location), 
Step: Make a paper pattern to help you make curved cuts and avoid wasting laminate flooring.
Entities and attributes: paper pattern (location), paper (composition | shape), 
Step: Cut out the curved shape.
Entities and attributes: laminate (composition | shape | organization), flooring (composition), saw (power), 

A person's goal is to make money in simcity 4.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make deals with neighbor cities.
Entities and attributes: cities (organization,focus), 
Step: Raise taxes higher each time.
Entities and attributes: taxes (size | amount,cost | quantity), 
Step: Complete U-Drive It missions.
Entities and attributes: missions (completion), 
Step: Give money to schools and hospitals according to your population and students.
Entities and attributes: students (knowledge), schools (cost,wealth), 
Step: Create parking lots and toll booths.
Entities and attributes: toll booths (composition,location), parking lots (location), 
Step: Use mods and cheats.
Entities and attributes: cheats and mods (power), 

A person's goal is to take apart your nintendo ds and safely put it back together.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove a two rubber tabs on the back side of Nintendo DS, and open the battery cover using the Quatro-wing screwdriver.
Entities and attributes: screwdriver (location), screws | screws in back (complexity | pressure), rubber tabs (location), battery cover (openness), 
Step: Remove all those screws using the Quatro-wing screwdriver and Tri-wing screwdriver.
Entities and attributes: screws | screws in back (location,composition,looseness), drivers (orientation), 
Step: Remove a battery and unscrew a two screws, which are beneath the battery.
Entities and attributes: screws | screws in back (complexity | pressure,tightness), battery housing (weight), battery (power,location), 
Step: Remove back faceplate carefully.
Entities and attributes: back faceplate (shape,location), faceplate (orientation), back (location), 
Step: Locate and unscrew a two screws.
Entities and attributes: screws | screws in back (location,tightness), 
Step: Carefully remove the circuit board and there you have it your touch screen and entire lower board.
Entities and attributes: touch screen (location), circuit board (location), 

A person's goal is to grow a maidenhair fern.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place your Maidenhair fern where it gets moderate light.
Entities and attributes: fern (location), drapes (orientation), 
Step: Keep the soil moist in the pot your maidenhair fern is growing in.
Entities and attributes: soil | soild (wetness | moisture), 
Step: Keep the maidenhair fern in a warm location, with minimum temperatures of 50ºF (10ºC).
Entities and attributes: fern (temperature), air (temperature), 
Step: Maintain high humidity around the maidenhair fern.
Entities and attributes: air (form), 
Step: Fertilize the maidenhair fern with houseplant fertilizer once each spring.
Entities and attributes: soil | soild (minerals), 
Step: Keep dead fronds and leaf tips trimmed off with scissors.
Entities and attributes: fronds (size), 

A person's goal is to change a crystal bugger to flyfish in saltwater.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place a hook in your vise and attach the thread behind the hook eye.
Entities and attributes: hook (location,hook,stability), thread (location | organization,thread | shape), hook eye (orientation), vise (openness), 
Step: Tie in the lead eye by wrapping in a figure-eight pattern over the eye and hook shank, and then lash the eye down by wrapping the thread horizontally over the hook shank and under the eye (between the eye and the hook shank).
Entities and attributes: thread (location | organization,thread | shape,connectedness), lead eye (location,lead eye,shape), line (organization), 
Step: Tie in the marabou and then the flash chenille.
Entities and attributes: chenille | flash chenille (chenille | form,organization | shape), thread (location | organization), flash chenille (location,stability), marabou (location,marabou | shape,stability), marabout (organization), line (organization), 
Step: Advance the thread to the back of the hook eye.
Entities and attributes: thread (thread | shape,orientation), 
Step: Wrap the flash chenille around the hook shank, advancing to the back of the lead eye.
Entities and attributes: chenille | flash chenille (chenille | form,location,shape), 
Step: Tie off the chenille and form the head, then whip-finish and apply head cement.
Entities and attributes: chenille | flash chenille (chenille | form,stability,organization | shape), head cement (head cement), cement (texture,location), 

A person's goal is to make panko banana tempura.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Mix the tempura batter with a little water until it becomes a smooth mixture.
Entities and attributes: batter | battery | water | tempura batter (texture,composition,location,moisture), bowl | oil (weight,cleanness,wetness,container), mixture (texture), glass (container), 
Step: Pour the bread crumbs in a small plate.
Entities and attributes: bread crumbs | breadcrumbs (location), plate (cleanness,container,weight,fullness), small plate (container), 
Step: Dip the sliced bananas into the tempura mixture and bread crumbs.
Entities and attributes: batter | battery | water | tempura batter (location), bread crumbs | breadcrumbs (location), banana | sliced bananaes | bananas (texture | composition | taste,wetness,composition,covering,moisture), fork (wetness), 
Step: Deep fry the banana slices in medium high heat.
Entities and attributes: bread crumbs | breadcrumbs (texture,color), banana | sliced bananaes | bananas (texture | composition | taste,location,temperature), bowl | oil (temperature), stove (power), pan (temperature), 
Step: Remove and drain when pieces are golden brown in color.
Entities and attributes: pieces (color), batter | battery | water | tempura batter (texture), banana | sliced bananaes | bananas (location,color,wetness), plate (container), paper towel (wetness), pan (container), 
Step: Serve with ice cream.
Entities and attributes: pieces (location), banana | sliced bananaes | bananas (texture | composition | taste,location), ice cream (location), bowl | oil (temperature,container), 

A person's goal is to make rooh afza.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Buy a bottle of Rooh Afza.
Entities and attributes: rooh afza | water (availability,ownership | location), 
Step: Add 2 tbsp Rooh Afza to water or milk according to your own desire.
Entities and attributes: milk/water | rooh afza and water or milk (location | composition), ingredients (composition), rooh afza | water (availability,ownership | location,composition), tablespoon (wetness), 
Step: Stir until it is completely dissolved.
Entities and attributes: rooh afza mixture (composition), mix (texture), 
Step: Add 1.5 - 2 teaspoons sugar if desired, to taste.
Entities and attributes: sugar (location,moisture), rooh afza | water (availability), mixture | drink (taste), 
Step: Add two mint leaves and ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: ice cubes (location), rooh afza | water (temperature), mint (location), mint leaves (location,taste), mixture | drink (temperature), mix (odor), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: rooh afza | water (availability), 

A person's goal is to make fresh mango yogurt mousse.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour heavy cream and yogurt into the blender and sprinkle the gelatin powder over the surface.
Entities and attributes: yogurt and cream (color), gelatin powder (wetness), yogurt (location), ingredients (composition,location,ownership), heavy cream (location), gelatin mix (location), gelatin (temperature), blender (wetness,container,volume), mixture (texture), 
Step: In the meantime, do whatever you can to get the most meat out of those four mangoes.
Entities and attributes: mango | mango flesh | mangoes (shape,color,texture,size), meat (location), seed (location), bowl | spoon (weight,wetness,location), 
Step: After the gelatin powder has softened, dump the mango flesh into the blender along with the remaining ingredients.
Entities and attributes: mango | mango flesh | mangoes (location,complexity), gelatin powder (hardness), bowl | spoon (container), gelatin (texture), 
Step: Taste for sweetness as sometimes mangoes can be too tart or too bland.
Entities and attributes: mango | mango flesh | mangoes (taste), 
Step: Cover the opening of the serving containers with plastic wrap and chill for 4-6 hours, or overnight for best results.
Entities and attributes: dessert (temperature), containers | containters (coverage), plastic wrap (location), mixture (temperature), container (odor), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to do a stoppie on a mountain bike.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: There's a good chance you'll get launched over your bars a couple times, so strap on your helmet, gloves, and pads.
Entities and attributes: bike | wheels (movement | movemnt), head | hands | pads | body (covering,location,pads,pressure,safety), legs (movement), body (pressure), helmet (location,helmet), gloves (location | gloves), arms (pressure), 
Step: Roll forward at moderate speed (15 to 20 km/h (9.3 to 12.4 mph)) with your weight over your rear wheel.
Entities and attributes: bike | wheels (wheels,speed), muslces | muscles (temperature), back (position), legs (pressure), tires (movement), skin (texture), vehicle (movement), 
Step: Rock your weight forward while progressively squeezing on the front brake.
Entities and attributes: bike | wheels (speed), weight (location), brakes | brake (pressure,stopping), head | hands | pads | body (location), back (pressure), body (position), 
Step: Gently shift your weight back over the rear wheel to balance and keep yourself from going over the bars.
Entities and attributes: rear wheel | wheel (location), bike | wheels (stability), weight (balance,shifting weight), muslces | muscles (pressure), head | hands | pads | body (location,pressure), legs (position), 
Step: Release the front brake and extend your legs to drop your rear wheel back onto the ground.
Entities and attributes: rear wheel | wheel (location,position), bike | wheels (movement | movemnt), muslces | muscles (temperature), brakes | brake (pressure,position,speeding up), head | hands | pads | body (pressure), legs (legs), skin (texture), 
Step: Rinse and repeat.
Entities and attributes: rear wheel | wheel (location), bike | wheels (motion), head | hands | pads | body (location,location), fingers (pressure), body (pressure), 

A person's goal is to buy fresh herbs.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose herbs that look and smell fresh.
Entities and attributes: herbs | packaging (cleanness,location), one (information), 
Step: Reject herbs that look or smell past their prime.
Entities and attributes: smelly herbs | bad-looking herbs (availability), herbs | packaging (location,age,firmness), trash (fullness), hand (fullness), 
Step: Keep live, potted herb plants on the kitchen counter.
Entities and attributes: plants (location,covering), pots (location), potted herbs (location), window sill (covering), 
Step: Keep store-bought plastic boxes of herbs in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: herbs | packaging (location), container (cleanness,weight,fullness), trash (fullness), store bought herbs (location), 
Step: Store bunched herbs in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: herbs | packaging (location), herb stems (moisture), fridge (fullness), store bunched herbs (temperature), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to repair tile.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a replacement tile that matches.
Entities and attributes: matching replacement  tile (step), tile (cost), you (focus), 
Step: Choose a matching grout.
Entities and attributes: grout (cost), matching grout (step), you (focus), 
Step: Remove the old tile completely.
Entities and attributes: the old tile | old tile | the tile (installation | step,location), tile (orientation), 
Step: Set the replacement tile.
Entities and attributes: the old tile | old tile | the tile (location), the floor (wetness), floor (wetness), 
Step: Grout the area according to the grout manufacturer's directions.
Entities and attributes: the area (wetness), grout (moisture), tile (color | space), area (cleanness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: floor (repair), 

A person's goal is to conduct a stake out.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Conduct the stakeout from a rented car.
Entities and attributes: car (security), keys (location), 
Step: Conduct a "spot check" of the location by driving by once, and get a perspective of the area before permanently setting up your position.
Entities and attributes: car (location), 
Step: Park on the opposite side of the street' from the place you're surveying.
Entities and attributes: car (movement), shifter (location), engine (temperature), 
Step: Jump in the back seat, if your vehicle has tint you'll be less noticeable.
Entities and attributes: person | i (location), 
Step: Bring a friend or two to help.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Try to notice any suspicious activity coming from the person or building you are observing.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a knickerbocker glory.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a tall glass (like the type traditionally used to serve milk shakes).
Entities and attributes: glass | tall glass (location), 
Step: Chop fruit into small slices or pieces.
Entities and attributes: fruit (location,size,ownership,composition), pieces (location), knife | cutting board (cleanness,location), 
Step: Add three scoops of ice cream on top of the fruit.
Entities and attributes: ice cream scoop | ice cream spoon | long ice cream spoon (location,cleanness), fruit (temperature,volume), ice cream | ice cream container (location,composition | shape | taste,temperature,ownership), 
Step: Pour a fruit sauce over the ice cream - Melba (peach) or raspberry sauce is traditional.
Entities and attributes: fruit sauce (location,ownership), fruit sauce bottle (location), ice cream | ice cream container (composition | shape | taste,color), 
Step: Top this with Clotted cream (or thick whipped cream).
Entities and attributes: whipped cream | clotted cream (container | location,ownership), cherry (location), spoon (cleanness,location), 
Step: Serve chilled along with a long ice cream spoon and a large napkin.
Entities and attributes: ice cream scoop | ice cream spoon | long ice cream spoon (location,cleanness), napkin (location), glass | tall glass (temperature,volume), wafer (location), knickerbocker glory (completion,location), ice cream | ice cream container (temperature), 

A person's goal is to store egg yolks.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour each yolk into a separate compartment of a large ice cube tray or freeze together in a small container with a lid.
Entities and attributes: the ice trays | ice cube tray or small container (weight,fullness,cleanness), small container | container | the bowl | the container (location), the eggs | eggs | egg yolks (location), the egg shells (volume,weight), the ice tray | ice cube tray | freezer bag | the bag (volume,moisture,cleanness), yolk | yolks | the yolks (location,conatiner,temperature), eggshell | eggshells (composition), ice tray (cleanness), 
Step: Cover the ice cube tray with a freezer bag.
Entities and attributes: the eggs | eggs | egg yolks (clarity | availability), the ice tray | ice cube tray | freezer bag | the bag (weight,location,moisture,shape,area), tray (orientation | coverage), 
Step: Place in the freezer.
Entities and attributes: the eggs | eggs | egg yolks (temperature,location), the ice tray | ice cube tray | freezer bag | the bag (location,temperature,location,temperature), yolk | yolks | the yolks (temperature), tray (temperature), egg yolks (size | hardness), freezer (fullness), the bag (location), 
Step: Put the egg yolks into a small container.
Entities and attributes: small container | container | the bowl | the container (cleanness,weight,weight,volume,fullness), the eggs | eggs | egg yolks (location), the ice tray | ice cube tray | freezer bag | the bag (location), yolk | yolks | the yolks (location), the yolks (location,temperature,complexity), eggs (container), eggshell | eggshells (composition), egg whites and yolks (composition), 
Step: Cover the yolks with either water or a small amount of melted butter.
Entities and attributes: small container | container | the bowl | the container (weight,weight,cleanness,volume,wetness), the water or butter | butter | water or melted butter (location,temperature), yolk | yolks | the yolks (coverage | exposure,temperature,covering,hardness), water (location), 
Step: Put a lid on the container.
Entities and attributes: small container | container | the bowl | the container (weight,orientation | coverage | covering,size,openness), the eggs | eggs | egg yolks (clarity | availability,temperature,coverage), the lid (location), lid (location), contents (sealing), 

A person's goal is to attract attention when you need rescuing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Body signals can be used when you have no other resources at hand to signal with and where you're still in good condition to move around, etc.
Entities and attributes: hand (location | motion), arms (location), person (movement,person,perceived size), body (location | motion), 
Step: Write on the ground.
Entities and attributes: beach (ground,composition), rocks (arrangement | location), sand (coverage), ground (ground | writing,shape), stick (cleanliness), 
Step: If you have a mirror, you can use it to create a flash.
Entities and attributes: mirror (mirror,location,brightness), 
Step: Flares can only be used once, so their use needs to be very certain.
Entities and attributes: flare | flares (flare | lighting status | fire,location,temperature | thermal conductivity), area (brightness), 
Step: Morse code is useful because it is an internationally recognized signaling system.
Entities and attributes: ground (ground | writing), stick (cleanliness), 
Step: Repeat signaling once rescuers are clearly in your vicinity.
Entities and attributes: rescuers (rescuers,location), 

A person's goal is to pack food for a day of cross country skiing.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Obtain a sturdy and comfortable daypack.
Entities and attributes: daypack | pack | bags | bag (volume | shape | step,weight,location,ownership,availability), list of daypacks | sturdy and comfortable daypack list (availability), money for daypack and supplies (cost), definition of daypack (knowledge), 
Step: Get some sandwich bags and small containers with lids to pack your food in.
Entities and attributes: daypack | pack | bags | bag (volume,cleanness), containers | container | food (cleanness,location,volume,coverage,ownership), bags (cleanness), containers with lids (availability), sandwich bags (location,ownership), 
Step: Make sandwiches and soup for lunch.
Entities and attributes: daypack | pack | bags | bag (volume), sandwiches | sandwich (location,step), soup (temperature,location,availability), lettuce (location), meat | lunch meat (location), cheese (location), mayonaise | mustard (location), sandwich meats (availability), bread (location,composition), knife (cleanness), thermos (location), 
Step: Pack high energy snacks.
Entities and attributes: daypack | pack | bags | bag (weight,volume), containers | container | food (location of bags), know what snacks are high energy (knowledge), snacks (location,availability), granola bar (ownership,location), lunch box (orientation), crackers (location), almonds (location), 
Step: You will need to keep up your liquid intake during the day.
Entities and attributes: water bottle (location), water (location), mouth (moisture), hydration level (knowledge), person (moisture | hydration), 
Step: Eat frequently to replenish energy and to encourage you and your fellow skiers to take appropriate breaks.
Entities and attributes: energy (energy,magnitude), snacks (location), person (orientation), stomach (volume), 

A person's goal is to choose the correct size yoga ball.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Your knees should be at a right angle when you are sitting on the ball with your feet facing forward.
Entities and attributes: ball | person (position | posture), knees (position | angle | orientation), feet (orientation), legs (shape), body (orientation), 
Step: Choose a ball that fits your height.
Entities and attributes: ball | person (location,knowledge), 
Step: Choose a larger ball if you have back problems, long legs, or for stretching and yoga exercises.
Entities and attributes: ball | person (knowledge), small ball (ownership), large ball (ownership), 
Step: Get a 26 inch (65 cm) ball if you plan to use it in place of an office chair and your desk height is between 29 and 30 inches (74 to 76 cm).
Entities and attributes: ball | person (size), office chair (orientation), desk (knowledge), 
Step: Note the pressure of the ball.
Entities and attributes: ball | person (pressure), air gague (location), air pump | air gauge (ownership), 
Step: Try yoga balls in different sizes before making your decision.
Entities and attributes: ball | person (size), 

A person's goal is to power break an eight ball rack.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place the cue ball.
Entities and attributes: cue (location | orientation), the cue ball | cue ball (speed | motion,location,position,location), front of table (volume), hand (motion), fist (pressure), fingers (pressure), body (altitude), 
Step: Aim your cue stick.
Entities and attributes: cue stick (location | orientation), tip of cue stick (orientation), hand (location), stick (placement), hands (pressure), eyes (stability), 
Step: You should aim for the cue ball to strike the second row of balls in the rack.
Entities and attributes: the cue ball | cue ball (orientation), 
Step: Blast the cue ball with a straight shot using a medium-hard to hard stroke.
Entities and attributes: cue stick (motion), the cue ball | cue ball (speed | motion,location,speed), non-cue pool balls (motion), biceps muscle (length), dominant arm (motion), elbow joint (shape), stick (speed), arm (pressure), 
Step: Do not pull your cue stick up right away.
Entities and attributes: cue stick (location | orientation), hand (motion), stick (speed), 
Step: Practice.
Entities and attributes: cue stick (motion), the cue ball | cue ball (speed | motion), non-cue pool ball (location), biceps muscle (length), dominant arm (motion), elbow joint (shape), 

A person's goal is to make tripods for climbing beans and tomatoes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather together the required equipment:
Entities and attributes: equipment (ownership,location), required equipment (location), 
Step: Hold the three stakes together with the shortest one in the center and slip the rubber ring over the top and down about 3" from the top of the shortest stake.
Entities and attributes: stakes (location), rubber ring | rubber rings (orientation | location), 
Step: Grasp the center pole (the shortest one) and flip it over in a complete circle between and over the other two.
Entities and attributes: center pole (orientation,location), 
Step: Spread the three 'legs' out evenly and you will have a tripod!
Entities and attributes: the poles (orientation), 
Step: Use the tripod in your garden by placing two legs on either side of the base of a plant in one row with the third leg positioned in the second row.
Entities and attributes: the tripos (location), tripod (location), 
Step: Leave the tripods in place until the end of the growing season.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to grow your children&#x27;s names with garden cress.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Draw your children's names in the dirt using a trowel or stick.
Entities and attributes: trowel (cleanness), stick (cleanness,clean), hand (power), dirt (coverage,organization), 
Step: Plant cress seeds in the name area only.
Entities and attributes: cress seeds | seeds | soil (location), dirt (coverage), 
Step: Keep watering as the cress pops up.
Entities and attributes: cress seeds | seeds | soil (wetness | moisture), watering can (moisture,volume,weight), water (location | locatoin), container (location), dirt (wetness), 
Step: Encourage your children to watch the cress each day.
Entities and attributes: cress (shape), cress seeds | seeds | soil (wetness | moisture), water (location | locatoin), children (location), 
Step: Cut some of the cress for the children and put it on a plate.
Entities and attributes: cress (location), plate (cleanness,emptiness | volume), 
Step: Have the children eat their names.
Entities and attributes: cress (location), 

A person's goal is to make ayran (turkish yogurt drink).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add yogurt and water to a blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness,fullness | weight,moisture,volume,composition), yogurt (location), water (container | location), yogurt container (weight), 
Step: Add ice cubes and salt.
Entities and attributes: blender (fullness | weight,temperature), salt (location), mixture | drink (taste), ice (temperature), ice cubes (location), mixure (temperature), 
Step: Add the Garlic bulbs.
Entities and attributes: garlic bulbs | garlic skin (covering | location), blender (fullness | weight), garlic (size | location,moisture), 
Step: Add a bit of fresh mint, optional.
Entities and attributes: blender (fullness | weight), mint (location,moisture), ice (temperature,size), contents (amount), 
Step: Blend until well mixed.
Entities and attributes: blender (power), mint (texture), mixture | drink (texture,composition), blades (motion), motor (temperature), ice (composition), garlic (texture), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: blender (fullness | weight), mixture | drink (location), glass (weight,temperature,cleanness,fullness), 

A person's goal is to glide in a toyota prius.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start your Prius car, and begin to drive it.
Entities and attributes: prius (electric conductivity), the car engine (electric conductivity), inside the car (temperature), the gasoline (productivity), the lights (brightness), car (power,speed), the tires (motion), the shift (location), gas pedal (location), the car (power,location), engine (power,temperature,motion), keys (location), wheels (movement | motion), 
Step: Watch the arrows move, as you read your vehicles Performance Monitor.
Entities and attributes: arrows | the arrows (movement | location), the performance monitor (electric conductivity), performance monitor (power), the monitor arrows (location), the signs (power), battery (power), 
Step: Drive your car up to approximately 40 mph (64 km/h).
Entities and attributes: tire rotation (speed), the speed (speed), air resistance (strength), battery usage (use), the engine (sound), spedometer (amount), the gas (depth), car (speed), the car (speed,productivity), tires (temperature), 
Step: Allow your foot to be removed from the accelerator pedal.
Entities and attributes: accelerator (location), the feet | food | foot | the foot (location), gasoline use (use), battery use (status), the driver's foot (pressure), the foot muscles (strength), the gas pedal (power), car (speed), the car (speed), 
Step: Return your foot to the accelerator after a short to moderate distance.
Entities and attributes: the feet | food | foot | the foot (location), gasoline use (use), pedal (location), the car (location), 
Step: Coast in your Prius, until your speed decreases to about 30 mph (48 km/h).
Entities and attributes: the feet | food | foot | the foot (location), tire rotation (speed), the speed (speed), speed (speed), car (speed,movement), the car (speed), 

A person's goal is to find and evaluate a dark sky site.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Chart the quality of your local sky.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Find the light level in your area.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Find an area that is at minimum green, preferably blue on the atlas.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Travel to the site.
Entities and attributes: person (location), phone (power), you (location), map (openness), 
Step: When you get there, do the star test again.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Enjoy the night sky!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make passionfruit cordial.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove the pulp from the passionfruit.
Entities and attributes: pulp | sugar (location), passion fruit | fruit (size | composition), passionfruit (weight,moisture), passfruit (container), knife (cleanliness), 
Step: Pour the pulp, sugar, and lemon juice into a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: pulp | sugar (location), lemon juice | pulp, sugar, lemonjuice (location,composition,temperature), saucepan | stove (wetness | cleanliness,container), measuring cup (wetness), ingredients (temperature), pan (volume), 
Step: Bring the mixture to heat until just boiling.
Entities and attributes: lemon juice | pulp, sugar, lemonjuice (odor,texture,taste), saucepan | stove (temperature,power), mixture (temperature,temp), 
Step: Pour the heated cordial into bottles.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | stove (weight,container), mixture (location), cordial (location | shape,temperature), bottles | bottle (volume,container), 
Step: For use as a , use the ratio of diluting 1 part cordial to 4 parts water.
Entities and attributes: mixture (temp), ice (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: drink (completion), 

A person's goal is to make a tornado survival kit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find a medium-sized container (preferably plastic to seal out moisture/bugs) that is able to hold at least two small blankets.
Entities and attributes: med  sized container (location | ownership), containers | container (location), 
Step: Purchase or find the following items:
Entities and attributes: items on list (ownership | location), can opener (availability), batteries | flashlight (availability), bandaids | objects (availability), beans (availability), sausage (availability), 
Step: Put all of the objects into the medium-sized container.
Entities and attributes: containers | container (container | volume), items (location), can opener (location), batteries | flashlight (location), bandaids | objects (location | placement), beans (location), sausage (location), 
Step: Put the container in the shelter/closet/safe room where you will be if there is a tornado warning.
Entities and attributes: containers | container (location,container | volume,placement), 
Step: Store bicycle helmets and sneakers in the shelter for each person.
Entities and attributes: helmets and shoes | bicycle helmets (location), shelter (volume), sneakers (location), 
Step: Store your document safely in the (interior) shelter, along with a recent copy of one of your utility bills.
Entities and attributes: documents (location,condition), document and utility bill (location), 

A person's goal is to wax a black car.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Find out which type of black paint your car has, and buy a cleaner that is designed specifically for your car's type of paint.
Entities and attributes: car | wax applicator | wax | pad (cleanness), paint (knowledge,cleanness), cleaner (knowledge,availability), 
Step: Wash and dry your black car before you begin waxing.
Entities and attributes: car | wax applicator | wax | pad (moisture | cleanness,cleanness), cloth (cleanness | moisture), water (location), dirt (location), paint (texture), soap (location), sponge (moisture), 
Step: Purchase black car wax.
Entities and attributes: car | wax applicator | wax | pad (location | safety,availability), 
Step: Apply black car wax by hand.
Entities and attributes: car | wax applicator | wax | pad (moisture | cleanness,cleanness,location | safety), cloth (cleanness | moisture), car wax (location | area), 
Step: Buff out the recently applied wax after it has dried to a glaze.
Entities and attributes: car | wax applicator | wax | pad (moisture | cleanness,texture | brightness,location | safety,appearance,wetness), cloth (texture), buffer (cleanness,electric conductivity,movement), 
Step: Use a lamb's wool buffing pad to buff an extra dose of "wet look" shine if the previous step didn't create a shine that satisfies you.
Entities and attributes: lamb’s wool buffing pad | lambswool (cleanness), car | wax applicator | wax | pad (location | safety,texture | brightness,appearance), buffer (electric conductivity,movement), paint (appearance), 

A person's goal is to win any pokémon battle with a level 1 rattata.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the parents of your Rattata.
Entities and attributes: parents (composition), rattata parents (strength), player (knowledge), 
Step: Breed the two Rattata and hatch the egg.
Entities and attributes: parents (composition,complexity), rattata (organization,composition), egg (transformation | complexity,temperature,organization), there (number), 
Step: Obtain a Focus Sash.
Entities and attributes: focus sash (location), sash (ownership | location), player (attire), 
Step: Battle a sufficiently strong Pokémon with the level 1 Rattata as your lead.
Entities and attributes: you (complexity), 
Step: Choose Endeavor as your first move.
Entities and attributes: endeavor (moving), 
Step: Use Quick Attack to finish off the opponent.
Entities and attributes: quick attack (condition), opponent (viability), 

A person's goal is to sew a curved seam.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Face the material with the wrong side out.
Entities and attributes: material (location,orientation), fabric (orientation), 
Step: Measure the required space between the edge and where your sewing line will go.
Entities and attributes: measuring tape (shape), tape measure (location), fabric (composition | shape), ruler (location), 
Step: Clip a "V" shape from the raw edge of the fabric to the line of your seam allowance.
Entities and attributes: raw edge (shape), scissors (location,speed), fabric (composition | shape), 
Step: Clip out more "V" shapes at evenly spaced intervals all the way along the curved seam edge.
Entities and attributes: fabric (composition | shape), cloth (complexity), 
Step: Sew the curved seam at the seam allowance line.
Entities and attributes: machine needle (speed), sewing machine (power), fabric (composition | shape), thread (location), 
Step: Trim if needed.
Entities and attributes: scissors (location), edges (cleanness), fabric (composition | shape), 

A person's goal is to remove screen protection stickers from gameboy screens.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a small pocket knife, sharp and thin.
Entities and attributes: knife | pocket knife (location), gameboy | screen cover (age,location), blade thickness (knowledge), screen (covering), 
Step: Find the very edge of the sticker.
Entities and attributes: edge of protector (visibility), gameboy | screen cover (location), edge of sticker (location), light (brightness), 
Step: You must be in good light and have a lot of concentration.
Entities and attributes: light (brightness), work lamp | lamp (location | power), working area (location), concentration (focus), 
Step: Cut and push the very corner of the sticker towards the center of the screen.
Entities and attributes: corner of the screen (composition), edge of plastic (location), sticker (location), knife blade (location), edge (shape), hand motion (direction), pointy end (location), hands (pressure), 
Step: Watch the edges because part of the sticker will come up from the pressure.
Entities and attributes: pressure (pressure), sticker (location), blade (distance), 
Step: When the protector pushes up just pull it off.
Entities and attributes: protector (location), sticker (location), helper (distance), 

A person's goal is to remove stickers from your car.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set a bucket of soapy water next to your car.
Entities and attributes: the bucket of  soapy water (location), soapy water | the wash rag (location | composition), the arm muscles (strength), the arms (power), bucket (location), the person (location), the bucket (location,stability), 
Step: Spray the sticker and the surrounding area with a tar removal substance.
Entities and attributes: tar removal substance | the tar removal substance (location), sticker | the sticker residue | sticker residue | the sticker (wetness | texture | moisture), removal substance (location), the tar remover (composition), the area (wetness,scent), 
Step: Lift one corner of the sticker using your fingernail.
Entities and attributes: sticker | the sticker residue | sticker residue | the sticker (location | cleanness,shape | movement,composition), fingernail | the fingernail (location,cleanness), the corner (location), the car (wetness), 
Step: Slip your plastic spatula under the lifted corner of the sticker.
Entities and attributes: the sticker corner (composition), fingernail | the fingernail (location), spatula (location), the spatula (location), you (technique), 
Step: Wipe the soapy wash rag across the entire area where the remaining section of the sticker or the residue of the sticker remains.
Entities and attributes: sticker | the sticker residue | sticker residue | the sticker (location,location | cleanness), soapy water | the wash rag (location | composition), car (moisture), soapy rag | the soapy rag (location), the car (cleanness | appearance,wetness), 
Step: Apply a small amount of the tar removal substance to whatever pieces of the sticker have not come off yet.
Entities and attributes: tar removal substance | the tar removal substance (location), the sticker pieces (wetness), pieces of sticker (location), the bottle (weight), the car (cleanness | appearance), 

A person's goal is to fix crumbling chimney mortar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean the damaged area.
Entities and attributes: damaged mortar | mortar | damaged motar | mixing tool (cleanness), cleaning tool (usage), soap bottle (weight), wall (cleanness,moistrure | moisture), soap (location), damaged area (cleanness), brush (moisture | cleanness), 
Step: Remove the damaged mortar from the joint(s) that you are going to repair.
Entities and attributes: joints (covering), damaged mortar | mortar | damaged motar | mixing tool (location), removal tool (usage), wall (weight,strength), air (clarity), brush (moisture | cleanness,motion), 
Step: Apply a thin layer of commercial bonding agent to the exposed surface of the joint(s) that you are repairing.
Entities and attributes: application brush | paint brush (cleanness,covering,moisture,weight), joints (coating), commercial bonding agent | bonding agent | joint (location,moisture), bonding agent container (fullness,weight), surface of the joints (coverage), joint (covering), 
Step: Prepare the mortar according to the manufacturer's instructions as found on the package.
Entities and attributes: damaged mortar | mortar | damaged motar | mixing tool (moisture,location,preparation | readiness), mixing tray | mixing tool (cleanness,weight,coverage | fullness), mortar instructions (knowledge), mortar package (openness,weight), package (openness), ingredients (organization), 
Step: Apply the fresh mortar to the joint using a trowel, and force it in using a joint strike.
Entities and attributes: joints (covering,wetness), damaged mortar | mortar | damaged motar | mixing tool (location), fresh mortar (location), joint strike (cleanness), joint (filling,covering), wall (moistrure | moisture,strength), trowel (cleanness | texture,coverage,moisture), hands (cleanness), 
Step: Finish the joint by running a gloved finger along the joint to remove the excess mortar.
Entities and attributes: damaged mortar | mortar | damaged motar | mixing tool (texture), gloves | glove | finger (location,cleanness,cleanness,moisture,texture), joint (completion), wall (coverage), excess mortar (location), hand (coverage,protection), 

A person's goal is to make an ace cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add the ice cubes to the blender.
Entities and attributes: vodka | rum | cup | blender (weight,fullness), blender (temperature), ice | ice cubes | lime (location,temperature), ice tray (fullness), blener (volume), 
Step: Measure the vodka, pineapple juice, grenadine, sugar syrup, and light rum and pour them into the blender.
Entities and attributes: vodka | rum | cup | blender (location,weight,cleanness), blender (cleanness,moisture), ice | ice cubes | lime (location), ingredients (location,composition), 
Step: Squeeze the juice from the orange and lime and pour the juices into the blender.
Entities and attributes: vodka | rum | cup | blender (cleanness,weight), ice | ice cubes | lime (composition), orange juice (location), lime juice (location), orange (composition), fruit (weight,size), 
Step: Place the lid on the blender, hold it securely, and blend the mixture for 30 seconds on a low power.
Entities and attributes: vodka | rum | cup | blender (fullness), blender (power,noise), ice | ice cubes | lime (composition), drink | mixture (composition), lid (location), motor (temperature), blades (movement), 
Step: Pour the blended mixture into a glass and enjoy!
Entities and attributes: vodka | rum | cup | blender (cleanness,weight,temperature,fullness), drink | mixture (location,temperature), glass (volume), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: vodka | rum | cup | blender (location), blender (cleanness), outside of cup (moisture), drink | mixture (location,temperature,completion), 

A person's goal is to keep tomatoes from splitting.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Water the tomatoes adequately and regularly.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes | tomato (moisture | wetness), water (location), soil (moisture), watering can (fullness), the soil (color), 
Step: Tomatoes are more prone to splitting in intense heat.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes | tomato (shape,temperatre), 
Step: Use compost rather than prepared fertilizer.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Mulch helps to keep the water levels sufficient and not too clogged, nor too dry.
Entities and attributes: shovel (cleanness), mulch (position,location), compost (coverage), ground (composition), 
Step: Look for a tomato variety less prone to splitting.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Harvest as soon as splits occur.
Entities and attributes: tomatoes | tomato (location), the plant (weight,size), 

A person's goal is to make a ribbon pinboard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the materials needed for the project.
Entities and attributes: ribbons | board (location), thumb tacks (openness,location), materials (availability), 
Step: Measure ribbon pieces on the pinboard in a diagonal pattern one way.
Entities and attributes: ribbons | board (organization,measurements), measuring tape (shape), tacks (location), ribbon (to pinboard), 
Step: Repeat this with the ribbons facing diagonally the other way.
Entities and attributes: ribbons | board (layers,shape,coverage), more ribbon (location), tacks (location), 
Step: Place a hanger on the back of the pinboard if you're going to hang it.
Entities and attributes: ribbons | board (composition), thumb tacks (location), hanger (location), 
Step: The pinboard can be used to hold favorite photos, business cards, pieces of paper, notes, pens, paperclips, keys, etc.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a train commute more enjoyable.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Bring a laptop, tablet, or netbook for the ride!
Entities and attributes: laptop | netbook | notebook | tablet (location,ownership,location), laptop, tablet, or netbook (location,electric conductivity), electronics charger (location), train (volume), 
Step: The calming white noise of a train is enough to put anyone to sleep!
Entities and attributes: earbuds (location), train (movement | location,noise), cellphone case | person (position,sound), eyes (orientation), 
Step: Bring your mp3 player!
Entities and attributes: earbuds (location,orientation), mp3 player (location,energy,possession | sound), cellphone case | person (motion), 
Step: Books, books, books, books, books!
Entities and attributes: book cover (cleanness), pages (cleanness), book (location,ownership,shape), 
Step: A lot of cell phones now have apps for everything.
Entities and attributes: cellphone charger (location), cellphone | cell phone (cleanness,location), cellphone case | person (location | power), 
Step: Eavesdrop!
Entities and attributes: earbuds (location), cellphone case | person (location | power,orientation,position), conversations (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to make candied jalapenos.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a medium saucepan, add the sugar and the water.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | stove | stove burner (wetness | cleanness), sugar (location,wetness), water (location), 
Step: Heat over low heat until the mixture forms a syrup.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | stove | stove burner (power,temperature), mixture (thickness,texture,temperature), 
Step: Add the jalapeno slices and continue heating for 3-4 minutes.
Entities and attributes: jalapeno peppers | jalapeno | jalapeno slices (composition | shape | coverage,location,wetness,temperature), jalapeno slices (location), knife (cleanness,location), cutting board (location), 
Step: Move them and allow them to cool.
Entities and attributes: jalapeno peppers | jalapeno | jalapeno slices (temperature), saucepan | stove | stove burner (temperature,volume), candied jalapeno pepers (location,temperature), mixture (temperature), plate (location,cleanness), 
Step: Repeat the process until the jalapeno peppers are thickly candied.
Entities and attributes: jalapeno peppers | jalapeno | jalapeno slices (composition | shape | coverage,texture), 
Step: Serve when cool.######//<!
Entities and attributes: jalapeno peppers | jalapeno | jalapeno slices (temperature), candy (temperature), 

A person's goal is to catch white sea bass.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take note of the best seasons to catch white sea bass.
Entities and attributes: fishing trips (preparedness), pen (location), paper (cleanness), weather (knowledge), 
Step: Obtain the right bait.
Entities and attributes: bait | hook | line (location,bait), 
Step: Attach the line, hook, and other accessories to your fishing pole.
Entities and attributes: fishing pole (location), bait | hook | line (organization,organization), line | hook (line | hook,organization), accessories (organization,accessories), tackle (pressure), 
Step: Use a white iron jig in combination with 2 live squid for your first attempt.
Entities and attributes: squid (location | orientation,organization), bait | hook | line (moisture), line | hook (length), jig (organization,jig,location), 
Step: Use a medium-sized mackerel if the previous bait didn't work.
Entities and attributes: squid (organization), mackerel (ownership,location | orientation,organization,moisture), bait | hook | line (moisture), fishing rod (location), line | hook (length), 
Step: Let your iron jig or live bait go deep into the water if the previous 2 steps didn't work.
Entities and attributes: iron jig (depth | iron jig placement), bait | hook | line (depth | position,visibility), line | hook (length,organization), jig (depth,visibility), live bait (placement of bait), 

A person's goal is to install starcraft for pc or mac.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to the download site [1]############
Entities and attributes: starcraft (installation), download site (step), 
Step: Create an account(validate e-mail if needed) and log-in.
Entities and attributes: account (existence,step), browser (location), 
Step: Under "Manage my games" click "Item Redemption Code"############
Entities and attributes: games & codes drop down (availability), item redemption code (step), manage my games (step), 
Step: Enter in your CD key for Starcraft.
Entities and attributes: cd key box (container), code box (color), item redemption code (step), cd key (step), 
Step: Click on the game image.
Entities and attributes: image (knowledge), game image (step), cd image (step), 
Step: Choose either PC or Mac client.
Entities and attributes: client (knowledge), pc or mac (step), 

A person's goal is to make a basic onion, lettuce and cheese salad.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, chop the onion to roughly about 5mm width and 5mm length (this does not have to be exact).
Entities and attributes: cutting board | knife (cleanness,moisture,location,sharpness), air | onion (smell | odor,shape | composition,size,moisture), eyes (wetness,sensation,color), 
Step: Now put the onions in the bowl and grate the cheese into the bowl with a grater.
Entities and attributes: grater (cleanness,location), bowl (cleanness,weight,volume | fullness), onions (location,color), cheese grater (cleanness), cheese (location,shape | composition,odor), onions and cheese (composition), 
Step: Rip the lettuce into small pieces and put them into the bowl, and stir all the ingredients together with the wooden spoon.
Entities and attributes: wooden spoon | spoon (cleanness,location,moisture), ingredients (composition), bowl (weight), fork | salad (color), lettuce (location,shape | size,odor,taste), cheese (moisture), lettucce (composition), hands (wetness | moisture), 
Step: Next stir a tablespoon of salad cream into the ingredients.
Entities and attributes: salad cream container (weight,volume), salad cream (location | temperature), wooden spoon | spoon (location), salad cream lid (location), bowl (weight,wetness), fork | salad (moisture,taste), tablespon (cleanness), 
Step: Chop the cucumber into slices and stir it into the bowl.
Entities and attributes: cutting board | knife (cleanness), cucumber | cucmber (location,shape | composition,size | form,moisture), bowl (volume | fullness), peel (location), 
Step: Now eat it with family and friends or enjoy on your own!
Entities and attributes: taste buds (taste), stomachs (volume), fork | salad (cleanness,location,texture,form), salad bowl (cleanness), hands (pressure), 

A person's goal is to make a zing smoothie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put all of the ingredients in your blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (cleanness | wetness,fullness | emptiness | container,moisture,weight,power | setting), strawberries (location,composition,moisture), ingredients (location), blades (cleanness), 
Step: Turn on the Liquidate function on the blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (power | setting,noise), ingredients (composition,texture), switch (position), motor (temperature), liquid (thickness), blades (motion | movement), 
Step: Turn on the chop or crush function on the blender.
Entities and attributes: blender (power | setting,sound), motor (power), lid (location), mixture (texture), liquids (movement), blades (rotation), 
Step: Set to mix or stir.
Entities and attributes: blender (power | setting), smooithe | smoothie (appearance), spoon (cleanness,moisture), liquids (motion), blades (speed), 
Step: Pour into a glass and enjoy.
Entities and attributes: blender (fullness | emptiness | container,weight), smooithe | smoothie (location), glass (weight,cleanness | moisture | wetness,fullness | emptiness,container), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: smooithe | smoothie (location), glass (weight,temperature,fullness | emptiness), umbrella (location,moisture), drink (location,decoration), 

A person's goal is to make plain chocolate caramels.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put the sugar, glucose, butter, cream of tartar and one cup of the milk in a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: chocolate/vanilla | chocolate | mixture | pan | saucepan (fullness), milk (location), glucose (location), cream or tartar (location), butter (location), sugar (location), ingredients | ingredents (location,composition | temperature), 
Step: Place on the heat.
Entities and attributes: chocolate/vanilla | chocolate | mixture | pan | saucepan (temperature,location), stove (power), saucepan (temperature), ingredients | ingredents (composition | temperature), burner knob (orientation), flame (size), stove burner (temperature), 
Step: Stir constantly, and when the mass has boiled a few moments, gradually stir in the rest of the milk.
Entities and attributes: chocolate/vanilla | chocolate | mixture | pan | saucepan (temperature,odor,speed), ingredients | ingredents (organization,temperature), spoon (cleanness), 
Step: Stir every few moments and cook to 248 °F (120 °C), or, until when tested in cold water, a hard ball may be formed.
Entities and attributes: chocolate/vanilla | chocolate | mixture | pan | saucepan (texture,shape), water (location), ingredients | ingredents (temperature), thermometer (cleanness), 
Step: Add the chocolate and vanilla and beat them thoroughly through the candy.
Entities and attributes: chocolate/vanilla | chocolate | mixture | pan | saucepan (location,composition | taste,temperature,odor,texture), candy (color), vanilla (location), 
Step: Then turn it into two loaf pans.
Entities and attributes: chocolate/vanilla | chocolate | mixture | pan | saucepan (fullness), candy (location,temperature), mixture (location), loaf pan (fullness), 

A person's goal is to do bicycle crunches.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lie on the floor.
Entities and attributes: person's sillhouette (size), person's back (interaction), person | you (position), human (position), floor (cover), abs (feeling), stomach (feeling), 
Step: Place your hands behind your head.
Entities and attributes: hands (location,emptiness,weight,position), head (location,support), your hands (placement), arms (placement), 
Step: Raise them so that your thighs are perpendicular to the ground, and your calves are parallel to the ground.
Entities and attributes: legs | knees (position,temperature), your thighs (position), thighs (location), calves (location), body (tension), 
Step: Touch your right elbow to your left knee.
Entities and attributes: arm muscles | back muscles (pressure), elbow (position,temperature,texture), back (position,location), your right elbow (placement), leg muscles (pressure), 
Step: Now touch your left elbow to your right knee.
Entities and attributes: arm muscles | back muscles (pressure), left knee (interaction), spine (position), your left elbow (placement), leg muscles (pressure), stomach (feeling), 
Step: Repeat.
Entities and attributes: body (temperature), 

A person's goal is to build a simple workbench.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start with tools that are needed.
Entities and attributes: tools (location,ownership), 
Step: Buy the thickest plywood you can afford.
Entities and attributes: plywood (availability | location,ownership,purchase), 
Step: You will need 3 inch (7.6 cm) wood screws to hold together your frame and top.
Entities and attributes: screws (location | orientation,ownership), 
Step: You will need to build a square out of 2x4s.
Entities and attributes: screws (location | orientation), 2x4s (shape), wood parts (shape), 2 x 4s (location,ownership,organization), drill (power), square (step), 
Step: You may prefer 4x4s for this, but if you're not using it for heavy duty uses, you can use 2x4s.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Fasten your legs to your square and to the wall if you decided to do so.
Entities and attributes: legs (location,orientation,connectedness,step), 

A person's goal is to perform a successful pitching windup.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: When in the windup, always start out with both feet on the rubber.
Entities and attributes: both feet (position), foot | feet (location | area), 
Step: Pivot the foot on the same side that you throw with (right side or left side) sideways so that the side of your foot is on top or up against the rubber.
Entities and attributes: right foot | right footed (orientation | location), foot | feet (position,distance), 
Step: Lift up your opposite leg to a 90 degree angle at the minimum.
Entities and attributes: right hand (location), left foot (location), right arm | ball (location), mitt (location), left thigh (orientation), shoulders (orientation), leg (shape,length,location,position), 
Step: While keeping your back foot planted on or against the rubber, swing your front foot around to face your intended pitch location.
Entities and attributes: left foot (location), foot | feet (location | area), 
Step: Take a stride towards your intended pitch location.
Entities and attributes: left foot (location), right arm | ball (location), mitt (content), right foot | right footed (orientation | location), left leg (speed), feet (width), body (position), 
Step: Throw your pitch at whichever angle works best for you (overhand, 3/4, sidearm, or submarine).
Entities and attributes: right arm | ball (speed,location,distance,position), torso (orientation), 

A person's goal is to get to sunshine isles in super mario 64 ds.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure you have at least one star.
Entities and attributes: stars (ownership), 
Step: Enter the Castle's main room.
Entities and attributes: castle's main room (step), you (location), room (volume), 
Step: Go up the stairs and to the door on the left.
Entities and attributes: door on left (step), you (location,speed), location (location), 
Step: Go through the middle door at the end of this hallway.
Entities and attributes: end of hallway (step), middle door (step), you (location), 
Step: Walk into the next room.
Entities and attributes: you (location), next room (step), 
Step: Wait for it to load.
Entities and attributes: loading (step), 

A person's goal is to make pear pie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Combine the sugar, flour, salt, cinnamon, and lemon zest in a large mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: sugar (location), salt (location), cinnamon (location), bowl (cleanness,volume | fullness,location), flour (location), lemon zester (cleanness), ingredients (composition,location), 
Step: Arrange a layer of pears in the pastry lined pan.
Entities and attributes: pan | backing sheet | baking sheet | pie (cleanness,volume,orientation | location,weight,size), pastry (location,wetness), pears | pear (composition | form,location), knife (cleanness), pear slices (shape), 
Step: Add small pats of the butter on top.
Entities and attributes: pears | pear (composition | form), butter (location | composition,temperature,size,shape | form), knife (cleanness,location), 
Step: Roll out the remaining dough, and cover the filling.
Entities and attributes: pan | backing sheet | baking sheet | pie (coverage), filling (coverage), dough (location,shape | form), rolling pin (cleanness), 
Step: Place the finished pie on a baking sheet to prevent spills, and place in the oven.
Entities and attributes: pan | backing sheet | baking sheet | pie (location,temperature,orientation | location), pie | oven (form,temperature,fullness), baking pan (cleanness), 
Step: Remove from oven, cool completely and serve.
Entities and attributes: pan | backing sheet | baking sheet | pie (orientation | location), plate (cleanness,location), pie slice (location), pie | oven (form,temperature,electric conductivity), dough (color), 

A person's goal is to grow blue daisy.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase seeds or seedlings from the nursery or garden center.
Entities and attributes: seeds | soil | seed | garden (ownership,location), person (location), money (location), cash register (fullness), wallet (weight), 
Step: Choose a location that is as sunny as possible.
Entities and attributes: area (brightness,temperature), location ({}), 
Step: Select soil that drains well.
Entities and attributes: seeds | soil | seed | garden (location,ownership,wetness | moisture), shovel (cleanness), 
Step: Water well after planting.
Entities and attributes: water (location), seeds | soil | seed | garden (wetness | moisture,location | environment,wetness,cleanness,life cycle), watering pale (volume), 
Step: Apply a light amount of fertiliser to help with rapid growth.
Entities and attributes: fertiliser | fertilizer (location,wetness), seeds | soil | seed | garden (nutrition,growth rate,nutrients), shovel (cleanness), ground (smell), 
Step: Prune heavily in summer.
Entities and attributes: plants (location,power,volume), pruners (location), leaves (amount), plant (size), 

A person's goal is to run long distances without getting tired.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: This will help your muscles become flexible enough to run.
Entities and attributes: muscles (flexibility), lower half of body (pain), legs (stamina), 
Step: Drink plenty of water.
Entities and attributes: muscles (flexibility), throat (moisture), body (health), 
Step: You will waste your energy by running fast.
Entities and attributes: breathing (breathing), energy (endurance), legs (pain), 
Step: Make some kind of breathing pattern, e.g.
Entities and attributes: muscles (energy level), breathing (timing,pace), breath (breathing pattern), head (dizziness), 
Step: If it gets too much, slow down to a steady jog and breathe.
Entities and attributes: breathing (breathing pattern), forehead (wetness), arms (form), legs (speed), 
Step: If you get a cramp, stretch up like you are yawning.
Entities and attributes: muscles (flexibility), arms (location), pain (pain level), steps (speed), 

A person's goal is to sneak around in the day or night.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In the Daytime, try to wear clothes that blend into the environment.
Entities and attributes: knowledge of colors in environment (knowledge), clothes that match environment (knowledge), creaking floorboards to avoid (location), desire to be invisible (location), foorsteps (pressure), garments (color), shoes (location), camouflage clothing (location), 
Step: Sneak and hide behind structures and objects.
Entities and attributes: movement | you (location), walking speed (speed), your position | person (location,visibility), latches (speed), surroundings (familiarity), 
Step: At night, wear dark, close to skin tight clothing.
Entities and attributes: movement | you (complexity), excuses for why you are there (familiarity), clothing (location,color), time (time), clothes (thickness), 
Step: Bandanas or headbands at night are recommended so that the sweat doesn't drip to your eyes.
Entities and attributes: sight (visibility), sweat (moisture), bandanna | bandana (wetness,location), face (moisture), 
Step: Sneaking at night presents its own difficulties.
Entities and attributes: other people (location), bed (volume), breathing (sound), 
Step: Be sure to stay perfectly still when in your hiding spot a night.
Entities and attributes: movement | you (speed), your position | person (motion), snacks (location), 

A person's goal is to sword cancel in halo 2.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Have an Xbox/Xbox 360 and Halo 2.
Entities and attributes: halo (ownership), xbox/xbox 360 (ownership), 
Step: First find someone to Sword Cancel to.
Entities and attributes: player (location), 
Step: Target them so that your reticule turns red.
Entities and attributes: reticule (color,volume), player (position,orientation), 
Step: Hold the right trigger to lunge at them, Press X before you hit them to cancel the attack and do no damage when you hit them.
Entities and attributes: player (form), 
Step: To lunge at a target from far away, get a rocket launcher and empty out all of the ammunition.
Entities and attributes: rocket launcher (container | volume), ammo (location), player (distance), 
Step: An alternative method is to target with the sword and press X, B, then R rapidly.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to defeat the yiazmat in final fantasy xii.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: The petitioner is Montblanc, found in Clan Hall in Rabanastre.
Entities and attributes: montblanc (location), yiazmat (victory), 
Step: Take the Strahl (Balthier's Airship) to the Ridorana Cataract.
Entities and attributes: airship (location), the strahl (location), 
Step: Cast Decoy on the strongest character with high defense while others cast technique Expose until the maximum damage is 9999.
Entities and attributes: strong character (power), maximum damage (number), decoy (power), 
Step: "His most annoying tactic is that when his HP goes below 50%, all attacks can only do 6999 damage (assuming your "pre-cap" damage [before being reduced to 9999] is low enough that 6999 is 70% of your damage) at most to him, so it becomes about using combo weapons rather than damage dealers.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Note that you can leave the battlefield and return with Yiazmat having the same health.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: After a long battle, go back to Rabanastre to claim your reward.
Entities and attributes: reward (ownership,step), yiazmat (victory), you (stage), 

A person's goal is to make coleslaw.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Using a grater or knife, finely shred the cabbage and carrot.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness), cabbage (wholeness | composition | shape), cabbage and carrots (composition), grater or knife (cleanness,sharpness), carrot | carrots (wholeness | composition,shape), grater (cleanness), vegetables (texture), 
Step: Chop the green pepper and onion.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture,weight), pepper | green pepper | peppers (location,wholeness | composition,shape | composition), onion (composition,wholeness | shape), chopping tool (cleanness,sharpness), 
Step: Combine cabbage, carrot, green pepper, and onion in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (weight,fullness), pepper | green pepper | peppers (location), cabbage (location), onion (location), measuring cup | spoon | bowl | large bowl (weight,fullness,fullness), large bowl | bowl | remaining ingredients (container | location,cleanness), ingredients (mixture | composition), carrot | carrots (location), 
Step: In another bowl, combine remaining ingredients.
Entities and attributes: measuring cup | spoon | bowl | large bowl (cleanness,moisture,moisture), large bowl | bowl | remaining ingredients (container | location,cleanness,mixture), another bowl (fullness,weight,cleanness), 
Step: Pour dressing mixture over the slaw, and chill until ready to serve, or serve immediately.
Entities and attributes: dressing mixture | dressing (location), dressing bowl | slaw bowl | slaw (weight,moisture,coverage,temperature), slaw (wetness), mixture (temperature), 
Step: Finished.######//<!
Entities and attributes: dressing bowl | slaw bowl | slaw (temperature,location), serving spoon (cleanness | moisture), fridge (fullness), task (completion), 

A person's goal is to make pasta salad (toddlers).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Boil the pasta al dente.
Entities and attributes: pasta | noodles (hardness | texture,moisture | composition,temperature,ownership), saucepan | pan | pot (fullness | volume), water | starch (location,temperature,motion), pot | pan (weight), stove (electric conductivity), 
Step: Get a saucepan and sauté the zucchini, carrots, and broccoli.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | pan | pot (temperature,fullness,cleanness,fullness | volume), broccoli (temperature), bowl | oil (temperature), carrots | vegetables (temperature,hardness | texture,texture,composition,ownership), stove burner (electric conductivity), 
Step: Drain the water from the pasta pot.
Entities and attributes: pasta | noodles (moisture | composition,temperature), saucepan | pan | pot (fullness | volume), water | starch (location), pot | pan (weight,moisture), strainer (moisture,cleanness,temperature,volume), sink (temperature), 
Step: Mix the vegetable mixture and pasta together in a bowl and lightly coat it with parmesan cheese.
Entities and attributes: noodles and vegetables | vegetables and pasta (composition), pasta | noodles (location), saucepan | pan | pot (fullness | volume), bowl | oil (weight,cleanness,fullness | volume), carrots | vegetables (location), strainer (volume), parm cheese (location), cheese (temperature), 
Step: Garnish the dish with lemon juice or dressing.
Entities and attributes: lemon juice | lemon juice bottle (location,weight | fullness), pasta | noodles (temperature,moisture | composition), dressing (location), lemon juice or dressing bottle cap (location), bottle (volume,weight), bowl | oil (weight), lemon juice or dressing (location,ownership), mixture (composition), dish (taste), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: saucepan | pan | pot (fullness,fullness | volume), bowl | oil (temperature), fork (cleanness), carrots | vegetables (temperature), cheese (texture), 

A person's goal is to make tofu and summer vegetables.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut the tofu into small cubes.
Entities and attributes: tofu (shape,size), 
Step: Chop the vegetables into small pieces.
Entities and attributes: vegetables (shape | size,length), knife (location,orientation), 
Step: Heat the oil and butter or margarine in a heavy based frying pan.
Entities and attributes: oil/butter | oil and butter (temperature,location), pan | frying pan (temperature,weight,container,wetness), butter (temperature), oil (temperature), 
Step: Add all the other ingredients and stir.
Entities and attributes: vegetables (texture), pan | frying pan (weight), ingredients (temp | temperature,location,composition,texture,odor), other ingredients (location), contents of ban (location), 
Step: Cover and simmer the vegetables and tofu.
Entities and attributes: vegetables (texture), pan | frying pan (covering), lid (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (location), 

A person's goal is to dice chili peppers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put gloves on for safe handling of the chilies, to prevent transferring the heat to your eyes.
Entities and attributes: gloves (location,fullness), hands (covering,temperature,coverage), 
Step: Cut off and discard the end piece with the stem attached.
Entities and attributes: chilies (length), knife (cleanness,moisture), peppers | pepper (shape | composition), stems | stem | seeds (location), 
Step: Cut the chilies into quarters.
Entities and attributes: chilies (shape), chiles (size), knife (cleanness), pieces of chillies (weight), piece of chili (size), 
Step: Use the knife to remove the seeds and pith inside the chili pepper.
Entities and attributes: chilies interior (texture), stems | stem | seeds (location), peper (taste), pitch (location), 
Step: Use the knife to cut the quarters into small pieces.
Entities and attributes: chilies (shape), pepper pieces (size | weight), quarters (shape), knife (moisture), 
Step: Use as required once chopped.
Entities and attributes: chilies (firmness), 

A person's goal is to kill crawmerax the invincible on borderlands.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get 2 sirens, 1 soldier, and 1 hunter.
Entities and attributes: sirens (availability), hunter (availability), game (power), solider (availability), supplies (ownership), 
Step: Have one shock weapon, one fire weapon, and one corrosive weapon, and weapons that spray and have good accuracy (such as SMGs shotguns or the liquid orion sniper).
Entities and attributes: tools (organization), 
Step: Send one person go around back, one on the left, one on the right, and one near the elevator.
Entities and attributes: persons (organization,speed), person (location), 
Step: With the craw maggots, the lvl 48 thunderstorm will kill it in 1 or 2 hits.
Entities and attributes: craw maggots (organization), it (existence), 
Step: Green craw worms are weakest against fire weapons.
Entities and attributes: green craw worms (fire weapons), 
Step: Armored craw worms are weak to corrosive damage and their critical points are the same as Crawmerax's.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to do the upward facing dog pose.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lie flat on your belly.
Entities and attributes: body | body sides (pose,location), person (location,position), belly (pose,position), 
Step: Bend your arms and rest your palms on the floor on either side of your chest.
Entities and attributes: palms | arms (location | palms position,position | location | pose | arms position,pressure), face (location), chin (location), 
Step: Inhale and shrug your shoulders up to your ears.
Entities and attributes: shoulders (position,location | pose,shoulders position.), lungs (volume | shoulders position.), 
Step: Exhale and press your hands down.
Entities and attributes: hands (pose), body | body sides (position), shoulders (position), palms | arms (position | location | pose | arms position), head (location), lungs (volume | shoulders position.,lungs state), arm muscles (power), 
Step: Slide your hands against the floor closer towards your feet while keeping your hips high.
Entities and attributes: hands (location,position), wrists (position), head (location), hips (pose), 
Step: Lengthen the sides of your body and keep your neck long.
Entities and attributes: body | body sides (pose), sides (tightness), head (position), neck (position), 

A person's goal is to change the ball colour in wii sports.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Insert the Wii Sports game into your Wii.
Entities and attributes: game (sound), screen (color | animation), wii plug (location), wii (power | electric conductivity,functionality), plug (electricity supply), 
Step: Press start once you have set up your game.
Entities and attributes: game (power | complexity), start button (functionality), 
Step: Wait for the Wii Sports menu.
Entities and attributes: game (volume), menu (power), screen (color | animation), wii (power | electric conductivity), 
Step: Go down to Bowling, fill in all of the options and press OK.
Entities and attributes: game (functionality), options (power,knowledge), 
Step: Press the A button once the warning appears!
Entities and attributes: warning (power), controller (activity), 
Step: Press a direction on the D-Pad once the screen goes black to change the ball colour as follows:
Entities and attributes: ball colour (colour), screen (color | animation), 

A person's goal is to make sausage and penne pasta.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Bring enough water to boil.
Entities and attributes: pan | the pot | pot | the pan (temperature,weight,volume,moisture), heating gas amount (amount), the temperature (temperature), water volume (volume), the water | water (motion | movement,temperature,temperature), stove (power), stove top (temperature), spoon (wetness), 
Step: Sauté the sausages in olive oil.
Entities and attributes: sausages | sausage | the sausage | grease (doneness | temperature,cooking | cooking status,color,temperature,odor), sausages and olive oil (contact), pan | the pot | pot | the pan (temperature,cleanness,sound), olive oil | oil (location,temperature,temperature), the burner (temperature), 
Step: Cook until slightly limp.
Entities and attributes: sausages | sausage | the sausage | grease (firmness | texture,cooking | cooking status,location,size), pan | the pot | pot | the pan (fullness | coverage), olive oil | oil (location), other ingredient (location,temperature,cooking), casings (texture), 
Step: Add the cooked pasta.
Entities and attributes: pan | the pot | pot | the pan (weight,fullness | coverage), cooked pasta | pasta (location | cooking status,texture,location,taste), the pasta (taste,temperature), 
Step: Add the feta cheese last, and some lemon juice and a little shaved rind.
Entities and attributes: the lemon | lemon (texture | composition), pan | the pot | pot | the pan (weight,fullness | coverage), new ingredients (contact,temperature), the ingredients (temperature), feta cheese (location), shaved rind (location), the recipe (composition), the rind | ring (texture), cheese (location,taste), lemon juice (location), the cheese (temperature,thickness), grater (cleanness), 
Step: Remove from the heat.
Entities and attributes: pan | the pot | pot | the pan (temperature), the ingredients (composition), food | the food (location,cooking | composition,temperature), bowl | bowls (weight,cleanness,fullness | fullnesss), the food (location), stove (power), forks (cleanness), dish (preparedness), 

A person's goal is to adjust gravity on counter strike.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Open up Counter Strike on your computer.
Entities and attributes: counter strike (openness,power), computer (power,noise), 
Step: Enable the developer console.
Entities and attributes: console (power), 
Step: Begin a private game.
Entities and attributes: game (power), 
Step: Open the developers window mid-game.
Entities and attributes: window (openness), game (power), developers window (power), 
Step: Add the phrase "sv_gravity" followed by a 3 digit number to change the gravity.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Try out real gravities from across the solar system.
Entities and attributes: gravities (power), game gravity (amount), 

A person's goal is to prepare kibbled whole wheat.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pre-soak the kibbled whole wheat for 4–8 hours.
Entities and attributes: wheat | kibbled whole wheat | kibbled wheat (location | completion,ownership,moisture | wetness,texture), kibbled whole wheat pieces (size), water surface (clarity), bowl | sink | bucket (moisture,weight,fullness | wetness,cleanness,volume), water faucet (power), 
Step: Drain the soaked kibbled whole wheat.
Entities and attributes: wheat | kibbled whole wheat | kibbled wheat (moisture | wetness,exposure), bowl | sink | bucket (moisture,weight,fullness | wetness,fullness,volume), water | setting (location), strainer (cleanness,volume,weight), 
Step: Place into a saucepan.
Entities and attributes: wheat | kibbled whole wheat | kibbled wheat (temperature,location | completion,location,moisture | wetness,cooking | cooked or not), saucepan (temperature,weight,fullness | volume), pot | stove burner (weight | fullness), water | setting (motion), strainer (volume,weight), 
Step: Continue cooking at boiling level while stirring for 1–2 minutes.
Entities and attributes: wheat | kibbled whole wheat | kibbled wheat (temperature,cooking | cooked or not,texture,size,movement), water volume in pot (volume), spoon | cup (cleanness), the time (time), water | setting (motion,complexity), mixing spoon (wetness,temperature), stovetop (electric conductivity), mixture (temperature), 
Step: Reduce heat to very low.
Entities and attributes: wheat | kibbled whole wheat | kibbled wheat (temperature), pot | stove burner (temperature), water | setting (temperature,motion), stove knob (amount), heat (setting), flame (height), 
Step: Serve or bake with the softened kibbled whole wheat.
Entities and attributes: wheat | kibbled whole wheat | kibbled wheat (location,location | completion,composition,texture), spoon | cup (cleanness,temperature,weight), pot | stove burner (weight | fullness), 

A person's goal is to make a sauce for fish tacos.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut the lime wedges.
Entities and attributes: lime | limes (composition,shape | stated,moisture | wetness,odor), knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture | wetness,texture), 
Step: Trim and slice the cilantro.
Entities and attributes: cilantro pieces (size | weight,temperature), cilantro (location,composition | shape,odor | color,length), 
Step: Add the lime and spices to the crema.
Entities and attributes: lime | limes (shape | stated), spices (wetness,location), crema (flavor | taste,composition,odor | color), lime juice (location), bowl (weight,cleanness), lime, spices, crema (composition), lime, and spices (location), lime and spices (temperature,ownership), ingredients (composition), sauce (taste), 
Step: Ensure that the consistency is not too thick to pour.
Entities and attributes: spices (location), crema (composition,texture), spoon (cleanness), 
Step: Mix in the cilantro last in order to avoid bruising it.
Entities and attributes: cilantro (location,composition | shape,moisture,odor | color,temperature), knife | cutting board (weight), crema (odor | color), bowl (weight), sauce (taste), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to repair scratches in glass tabletops.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use a polishing cloth to rub clear whitening toothpaste onto thin scratches.
Entities and attributes: thin scratches | tabletop (container | cleanness), polishing cloth (cleanness), scratches (fullness | texture), toothpaste (location | shape), cloth (cleanness), 
Step: Combine 2 cups (1/2 liter) of water with 1/2 ounce of ammonia.
Entities and attributes: water | water and ammonia (composition,location,odor), ammonia (location,dilution), liquids (composition), 
Step: Visit your local furniture store to find a product they recommend.
Entities and attributes: product (location,ownership), 
Step: Go to a home improvement store for scratch removal kits.
Entities and attributes: kits (ownership), product (location), 
Step: Connect the disk that comes with the kit to a drill.
Entities and attributes: disk (location), drill (shape), 
Step: Run the disk over the area that is scratched until it disappears.
Entities and attributes: thin scratches | tabletop (polish), scratch (existence,color), scratched area (temperature), disk (movement), drill (power), the area (texture), disc (speed), 

A person's goal is to cheat in guitar hero 2.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: To enter performance mode, at the main menu press Yellow(2), Blue, Yellow(2), Orange, Yellow(2).
Entities and attributes: performance ode (step), 
Step: To enter air guitar mode, at the main menu press Yellow(2), Blue, Orange, Yellow, Blue.
Entities and attributes: air guitar mode (step), 
Step: To have an eyeball head crowd, at the main menu press Blue, Orange, Yellow, Orange, Yellow, Orange, Blue.
Entities and attributes: eyeball head crowd (view), 
Step: To have a monkey head crowd, at the main menu press Orange, Blue, Yellow(2), Orange, Blue, Yellow at the main menu.
Entities and attributes: monkey head crowd (change), code (code), 
Step: To have a horse head, at the main menu press Blue, Orange(2), Blue, Orange(2), Blue, Orange(2), Blue.
Entities and attributes: code (change), 
Step: To unlock everything, at the main menu press Blue, Yellow, Orange, Red, Orange, Yellow, Red, Yellow, Red.
Entities and attributes: game (change), 

A person's goal is to disgorge a fish.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: If the fish is small, hold the fish firmly around the dorsal and pectoral fins (Be careful if the fish has perch-like fins).
Entities and attributes: fish (location,mortality), hand (position), you (grip), 
Step: Gently tighten your line.
Entities and attributes: line | the line (pressure,grip), fishing line (tension), 
Step: Slide the disgorger down the line, until the eye or spade of the hook is inserted into the end of the the disgorger.
Entities and attributes: disgorger | the disgorger (location | position), the eye or spade hook (placement), hook (location), eye of the hook (location), 
Step: If the hook is just stuck into the roof of the fishes mouth, then push down until it releases.
Entities and attributes: hook (location), the hook (position), 
Step: If the hook is very far down (caused by late striking or the fish swallowing the hook) wriggle and tug until it comes loose.
Entities and attributes: hook (location), the hook (position), 
Step: If all else fails and there is no resort, cut or snap your line as far to the hook as possible.
Entities and attributes: line | the line (length,pressure,quantity,grip), 

A person's goal is to track stand.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Put your bike saddle in a lower than normal position.
Entities and attributes: adjustment lever (resistance), saddle | bike saddle (distance | location | position,height,position), the support (length), 
Step: Roll up to your desired place in a standing position.
Entities and attributes: stand (position), bike | bike wheels (location,movement | motion), the bike (speed,availability), position (location), the wheels (motion), rider (position), 
Step: Come to a stop with both brakes.
Entities and attributes: brakes | the brakes (resistance | pressure,step,position), bike | bike wheels (motion,movement | motion), the bike (movement), pedals (direction), hands (pressure), the wheels (motion), 
Step: Balance by tweaking the brakes and moving the front wheel slightly.
Entities and attributes: brakes | the brakes (resistance | pressure,position), front wheel of bike (direction), the front wheel | wheel (location | position), bike | bike wheels (stability), rider (position), 
Step: Roll out of the track stand by releasing the brakes and pedalling forwards.
Entities and attributes: brakes | the brakes (resistance | pressure,position), stand (position), bike | bike wheels (motion,movement | motion,placement), the hands (power), pedals (direction,movement), hands (location), the wheels (location), brake (pressure), 
Step: Practice this trick until you can hold the track stand for about 4 seconds and be able to roll out of it.
Entities and attributes: the hands (power), rider (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to fold a napkin into the basic silverware pouch.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fold the napkin into fourths.
Entities and attributes: napkin (location,shape | dimensions | orientation | density,area | art), hands (emptiness,power), 
Step: Take the first layer on top of the napkin, and fold it diagonally.
Entities and attributes: napkin (shape | dimensions | orientation | density,position), top layer of napkin | first layer of napkin (shape), first layer (density), layer (shape), 
Step: Flip the napkin over.
Entities and attributes: napkin (shape | dimensions | orientation | density,position), 
Step: Fold the right side of the napkin almost halfway to the center.
Entities and attributes: napkin (shape | dimensions | orientation | density), right side napkin | napkin edge (density | size), right side of napkin (shape), 
Step: Repeat the previous step for the other side.
Entities and attributes: napkin (shape | dimensions | orientation | density), left side of napkin (shape), 
Step: Flip the napkin over.
Entities and attributes: napkin (shape | dimensions | orientation | density,movement), 

A person's goal is to have fun in the sun.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Dress for sun protection.
Entities and attributes: lotion (power), you (location,condition), arms (coverage), 
Step: Keep a running list of things you enjoy doing when it's sunny.
Entities and attributes: you (organization), 
Step: Organise a family fun day.
Entities and attributes: family fun day (organization), family (location), 
Step: Whether it's by yourself or with friends, getting out into nature is the ideal way to have fun in the sun.
Entities and attributes: you (location), 
Step: Do something new and exciting.
Entities and attributes: you (location), 
Step: Enjoy food in the sun.
Entities and attributes: you (location,form,temperature), food (composition), 

A person's goal is to make a gun barrel.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose the type of steel to be used for the gun barrel.
Entities and attributes: steel selection (volume), steel display (openness), steel (location,composition | size | shape), keys (location), hand | hands (movement), car (location), steel type (material), eyes (movement), 
Step: Cut a piece of steel for the barrel stock.
Entities and attributes: steel (composition | size | shape), plug (electric conductivity), saw (power,movement), tool | room (sound), cable (pressure), 
Step: Drill down the interior lengthwise to a diameter about 5 thousandths of an inch (0.127 mm) less than the desired finished bore diameter of the barrel.
Entities and attributes: barrel | bore (condition,step), steel (weight), drill (power), diameter | interior (step | size), hand | hands (pressure), tool | room (sound), tip (motion), length (size), 
Step: Work a tungsten carbide bore reamer down the finished drill hole of the barrel, using liquid coolant as the reamer works.
Entities and attributes: barrel | bore (temperature), liquid coolant (location), tool motor (speed), drill (movement), coolant (volume), drill hole (step | size), bore reamer (step), tool | room (temperature), space (texture), 
Step: Rifling consists of spiral grooves in the bore, which will impart a spin to the fired round as it travels down the barrel.
Entities and attributes: barrel | bore (texture | granularity), drill bit (temperature), round (location), surface (texture), hand | hands (pressure), tip (speed), 
Step: Lap the barrel to fine polish the bore.
Entities and attributes: barrel | bore (texture | granularity,appearance), surface (cleanness), fingers (pressure), hand | hands (movement), gun (cleanness), body (temperature), 

A person's goal is to sight the scope of a rifle in and zero it.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get your rifle and mount the scope with mounts that are designed to take as much recoil as your rifle will produce.
Entities and attributes: rifle (composition | volume,location), mounts (tightness,strength), scope (strength,position), your rifle (location), the scope (placement), hand (motion), 
Step: Gather the following materials:
Entities and attributes: materials (location,organization,ownership), you (action), arms (motion), hands (volume), floor (volume), 
Step: Bore sight your rifle.
Entities and attributes: rifle (composition | volume,level), site (orientation), 
Step: Sight to 25 yards (22.9 m).
Entities and attributes: gun (practice,orientation), fingers (movement), 
Step: Make sure your rifle is unloaded, and look towards your target with binoculars or a spotting scope.
Entities and attributes: rifle (composition | volume), you was unsure if your rifle (knowledge), you (sight), shooter (location), gun (orientation), 
Step: Sight to 100 yards (91.4 m).
Entities and attributes: gun (practice), 

A person's goal is to plant a tree fern.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase a tree fern.
Entities and attributes: fern (cost), tree fern (ownership,location), 
Step: Choose where to place the tree fern in the garden.
Entities and attributes: tree fern (location), 
Step: Dig a hole twice the size of the base of the tree fern's trunk.
Entities and attributes: soil from hole (shape), shovel (location), hole (dimension), ground (volume), 
Step: Place the tree fern into the hole.
Entities and attributes: fern (location), tree fern (location,length,strength), hole (mass), 
Step: Firm the dug out soil around the tree fern.
Entities and attributes: air gaps (size), tree fern (strength), soil (firmness | composition), 
Step: Water thoroughly.
Entities and attributes: tree fern (location,moisture), soil (wetness), 

A person's goal is to amuse yourself on new super mario bros.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Collect all the Star Coins.
Entities and attributes: maximum number of star coins in the game (knowledge), my collection (ownership), knowledge of how to play game (knowledge), nintendo ds (location), 
Step: Complete all the levels with fireballs only.
Entities and attributes: levels (completion), levels completed | worlds completed (magnitude), how to use fireballs (knowledge), enemies defeated (magnitude), 
Step: Time yourself on a level.
Entities and attributes: choice of which level to time (step), time to complete a level (knowledge), gameplay skill (magnitude), clock (location), 
Step: Play levels with the screen partly closed - it is easy on Level 1, but it can get very difficult!
Entities and attributes: levels completed with screen partly closed (magnitude), screen (openness), 
Step: Try to find the secret exits.
Entities and attributes: knowledge pf what secret exits are (location), secret exits found (magnitude of numbert), 
Step: Try to beat every stage under the Secret Challenge Mode.
Entities and attributes: what is secret challenge mode (knowledge), 

A person's goal is to dye a lacrosse head.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plan out the stick design first.
Entities and attributes: stick design (knowledge), design | plan (thought | existence), 
Step: Prepare the stick for the first dye.
Entities and attributes: painter's tape (location), lacrosse head (moisture), primer (location), stick (wetness | dryness | color,cleanness,preparedness,texture), tape (location), 
Step: Start mixing the dye.
Entities and attributes: stick (location,wetness | dryness | color), water | dye (location,location | mixture,composition), dye powder (composition,location), bowl (emptiness), 
Step: Remove the stick when you are satisfied with the color and place it immediately under the tap of the sink under ice cold water.
Entities and attributes: painter's tape (location), lacrosse head (moisture,color), stick (location,wetness | dryness | color,temperature), water | dye (location,location | mixture), 
Step: At this point, you can dry the cold water from the stick with an old dish rag of some sort.
Entities and attributes: lacrosse head (moisture), dish rag | rag (moisture | wetness,cleanness,color), stick (wetness | dryness | color), water | dye (moisture), 
Step: If you are dying the stick another color, then you need to leave the tape on the stick that you placed on there before to keep the white parts of the stick.
Entities and attributes: lacrosse head (moisture,color), 

A person's goal is to make a reusable plant trellis.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Drill a hole in each timber, about 1" from the end.
Entities and attributes: timber (shape | knowledge,step,stability), drill (power,electric conductivity,location), hands (emptiness,power), 
Step: Line up the timbers, line up the holes, and push the threaded rod through all three timbers.
Entities and attributes: timbers (togetherness), rod (location,attachment), holes (emptiness), 
Step: Put a washer on each end.
Entities and attributes: washers | washer (location,organization), 
Step: Place the trellis in your garden.
Entities and attributes: trellis (location,organization), garden (appearance), 
Step: Trellises like this tend to blow over once they are covered with lots of foliage, so they need to be anchored.
Entities and attributes: trellises (stability), ground (shape), 
Step: Plant vines around your new trellis.
Entities and attributes: trellis (appearance), vines (location), 

A person's goal is to survive a chicago winter.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Layers always beat insulation.
Entities and attributes: body | upper body (temperature), layers (location), 
Step: Don't bother with hats and  unless you already own a warm aviator hat that buckles around your chin.
Entities and attributes: hat | head | coat (location | coverage,temperature), buckle (fasteners), 
Step: Protect your upper body.
Entities and attributes: hat | head | coat (location | coverage), body | upper body (coverage,temperature,safety), clothing (location), 
Step: Protect your lower body.
Entities and attributes: lower body | legs (coverage,temperature,safety), pants (location), 
Step: Cover your hands and feet.
Entities and attributes: boots | shoes (location,stability), mittens (location), socks (location), gloves (location), hands | feet (temperature,coverage,coverage), 
Step: Be prepared for extreme temperatures.
Entities and attributes: person (readiness), 

A person's goal is to make buttermilk soft margarine.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add softened margarine to mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl | the bowl | spoon (weight,cleanness,volume | fullness,cleanness,moisture), margarine | the margarine (location,composition | texture,temperature,packaging), the margarine container (weight), the bowl | the spoon (weight), mixing bowl (weight,fullness,cleanness), 
Step: Add corn oil to mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: corn oil bottle | the bottle or container of corn oil (weight | fullness,volume), bowl | the bowl | spoon (weight,volume | fullness,moisture), the bowl | the spoon (weight), measuring cup (cleanness), the corn oil | corn oil (composition,location), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Add buttermilk to mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: buttermilk container | the buttermilk container or bottle | buttermilk carton (fullness | volume,weight), bowl | the bowl | spoon (weight,volume | fullness,cleanness), the bowl | the spoon (weight), buttermilk | the buttermilk (location,temperature), mixture (color), volume of mixture (volume), 
Step: Mix all ingredients together until light and fluffy.
Entities and attributes: bowl | the bowl | spoon (texture), margarine | the margarine (composition | texture), the ingredient (texture), the whisk (location,cleanness,weight), whisk (cleanness,moisture,location), spoon (cleanness), mixture (texture,composition | emulsification), the ingredients (temperature), ingredients (composition,texture), oil (clarity), 
Step: Gently spoon margarine mixture into a resealable container.
Entities and attributes: bowl | the bowl | spoon (weight,volume | fullness,cleanness), margarine | the margarine (location), container | the container (cleanness,weight,fullness,moisture), the bowl | the spoon (weight,cleanness), the container (cleanness), spoon (cleanness), mix | lid (location), 
Step: Makes 1 small tub of homemade soft margarine.
Entities and attributes: margarine | the margarine (composition | texture,location,availability,sealing,shape), container | the container (weight,openness,location), the lid (power), fridge (fullness), mix | lid (location), 

A person's goal is to do a breaststroke start.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Push off the wall.
Entities and attributes: person (location | position), swimmer (motion,location), body (speed), 
Step: Assume a streamlined position with your hands out in front.
Entities and attributes: legs (shape), swimmer (length), hands (movement,placement), 
Step: As soon as you hit 3, pull your arms down all the way down to your thighs.
Entities and attributes: arms (location,position), 
Step: Perform 1 leg kick.
Entities and attributes: leg (motion,shape), legs (orientation), foot (position), 
Step: Rise to the surface of the water.
Entities and attributes: person (location | position), swimmer (location), body (buoyancy), eyes (orientation), 
Step: Start swimming normal breaststroke.
Entities and attributes: person (location | position), body (distance,movement), breathing (stamina), 

A person's goal is to prepare for cheer practice.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make sure you have a bag to keep all your stuff in, perhaps one that has at least three places to put your things into.
Entities and attributes: bra | bag (weight,volume | shape), bloomers (location), cheer items (placement), body suit (location), uniform (location), clothes (shape), 
Step: Inside, you should have:
Entities and attributes: 
Step: On the side compartment keep your bloomers and an extra sports bra.
Entities and attributes: side pockets | compartment (volume), bra | bag (location,weight), side compartment (placement), bloomers (location), gear (organization), 
Step: If you have extra room, make sure you have a pencil case that has hair ties and bobby pins in it.
Entities and attributes: pencil case (volume,location | placement), bra | bag (weight), bobby pins (location,organization), hair ties (location,organization), 
Step: Pack a water bottle and a healthy snack.
Entities and attributes: snack (location), water bottle | bottle (volume,location,location), bra | bag (weight,volume | shape), healthy snack (location), 
Step: Make sure you have your cheer bag in your car before you go to practice (you can't be prepared for cheer practice if you forget your bag at home.
Entities and attributes: bra | bag (location), car (step), 

A person's goal is to make money in runescape using logs.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to the emptiest world possible.
Entities and attributes: emptiest world possible (location), menu (openness), setting (power), 
Step: Buy or smith a hatchet.
Entities and attributes: smith | hatchet (ownership,object,location), 
Step: Head to the Grand Exchange.
Entities and attributes: the grande exchange (location), you (location), 
Step: Cut them until you have a full inventory.
Entities and attributes: logs (step), inventory (quantity), trees (orientation,strength,composition), 
Step: Bank the logs then take them out as notes.
Entities and attributes: logs (location), notes (step), 
Step: Repeat until you have 1k of logs, then you can sell them for loads of GP!
Entities and attributes: logs (ownership), 

A person's goal is to dress to install insulation.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: If you don't own any, purchase disposable paper overalls with long sleeves.
Entities and attributes: overalls | disposable overalls (location,ownership), money (location), 
Step: Wear gloves and socks.
Entities and attributes: gloves | socks (location,temperature), socks | gloves and socks (location), hands | feet (location,covering), 
Step: Tape up all opening gaps.
Entities and attributes: tape | gaps (location,composition | openness), 
Step: Wear a cotton scarf or bandanna around your neck.
Entities and attributes: bandanna | bandana (location), scarf (location), neck (coverage), 
Step: Wear safety glasses and a dust mask.
Entities and attributes: safety glasses (location), dust mask (location,ownership), eyes | mouth (coverage), nose (coverage), 
Step: Wash all clothes thoroughly after use.
Entities and attributes: clothes (location,cleanness,moisture,wetness | moisture), laundry machine | washing machine (volume,power,wetness), water | detergent (location), insulation (location), 

A person's goal is to make nutella shortcake.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut off the tops and slice them into thick chunks.
Entities and attributes: cutting board | knife (cleanness,weight,texture), bananas (composition), strawberries (composition | size), shortcake (length), tops (size), cake (shape), banana (size), 
Step: Take a plastic bag and fill it with Nutella.
Entities and attributes: nutella jar | nutella bag (weight,fullness), nutella (location), spoon (cleanness), bag | plastic bag (weight,size | weight,fullness | volume,composition), 
Step: In a large bowl, combine the heavy cream, sugar, cocoa powder and vanilla extract in a mixer until soft peaks occur.
Entities and attributes: cream (texture), bowl (weight,cleanness,fullness,moisture), ingedients (location), sugar and cocoa powder (moisture), whisk (cleanness), mixture (location,texture,taste,form), ingredients (composition,odor), 
Step: Once the whipped cream is made, gently fold the graham cracker dust into it with a spatula.
Entities and attributes: graham crackers | crackers (composition | form,location,moisture), cream (texture), spatula (cleanness,moisture), graham cracker dust (texture), graham dust (location), mixture (texture,color), 
Step: Place the shortcake slice onto a dessert plate.
Entities and attributes: cream (location), plate (cleanness,fullness | mass | volume,weight), bowl (weight,fullness), shortcake (location), 
Step: Layer, if desired.
Entities and attributes: nutella jar | nutella bag (weight,fullness), cream (location), cutting board | knife (weight), nutella (location), cakes (layering), fruit (location), dessert (size | weight), cake (complexity), 

A person's goal is to stain interior concrete.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clear the area where the concrete staining will occur.
Entities and attributes: concrete | area | sanding block (cleanness | cleanliness,color,task,organization), floor (coverage), furniture (location), objects (distance), stain (location), light (illumination), 
Step: Sand the concrete surface.
Entities and attributes: concrete | area | sanding block (age,texture,step), air (cleanness), sander (electric conductivity,step,temperature), 
Step: Sweep the area or use a shop vacuum to remove any loose particles.
Entities and attributes: concrete | area | sanding block (cleanness | cleanliness,texture), vacuum | vacuum container (volume,power,fullness), particles (location), mop water (tint), broom (cleanness), mop (cleanness,dryness), floor (cleanness), shop vacuum (weight), dustpan (leanness), 
Step: Tape off the area around the concrete.
Entities and attributes: concrete | area | sanding block (knowledge,obstruction,accessibility,step), tape (length,location,composition), hand (stickiness), 
Step: Apply the concrete stain.
Entities and attributes: concrete | area | sanding block (moisture | wetness,color,step), roller | sealant roller (moisture | wetness), tape marking borders (color), stain tank | stain bucket (volume | fullness,weight), can (weight,volume), brush (cleanness), arms (muscle strain), 
Step: Seal the concrete.
Entities and attributes: concrete | area | sanding block (action,sealing), roller | sealant roller (moisture | wetness), sealant can | seal bucket (volume | fullness,weight,openness), sealant lid (location), sealant (location), can (weight,volume), air (smell), floor (moisture), paint brush (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make chicken in creamy tomato sauce.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cook noodles or rice conventionally.
Entities and attributes: noodles | noodles or rice (location,temperature,texture,temperature,location), rice | noodles or rice (location,moisture,cooked or not), bowl (weight,fullness), 
Step: Combine onion and butter in shallow three to five at casserole.
Entities and attributes: onion | butter | onion and butter (composition,location,texture,odor), casserole (volume), knife (cleanness,moisture), dish (cleanness), butter and onion (temperature,location), 
Step: Stir in tomato sauce, cornstarch, sugar and seasonings.
Entities and attributes: corn starch | cornstarch, sugar and seasonings (moisture,location), tomato sauce (location | composition), ingredients (composition | taste,temperature), tomato sauce, sugar and seasonings (texture), dish (weight,fullness), cornstarch (composition), spices (moisture), seasonings (composition), mixture (odor), 
Step: Place chicken pieces in casserole and spoon sauce over to coat.
Entities and attributes: spoon (cleanness,wetness), sauce height (volume), casserole (composition), sauce (location), dish (weight), chicken (color | odor,flavor | temperature | taste,location | shape,texture), 
Step: Remove chicken to serving platter.
Entities and attributes: onion | butter | onion and butter (texture), sauce (temperature), bowl (weight), chicken (temperature,cooked or not,location | shape), serving platter (container), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: rice | noodles or rice (flavor,color), plate (cleanness,weight,fullness), chicken (location | shape), 

A person's goal is to make a pet photography studio using your bed.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean off your bed.
Entities and attributes: bed (cleanness,organiztion), 
Step: This part is pretty important––as with a messy bed, rumpled and multi-layered bed linen will distract viewers from the subject of your photo.
Entities and attributes: bed linen (organization), blanket (orientation), 
Step: Smooth out the bed clothes neatly.
Entities and attributes: bed clothes (organization), blanket (smoothness), 
Step: Assemble together some type of tacks or pushpins and a fairly plain, single color (or pastel colored) sheet, quilt or other fabric object.
Entities and attributes: bed (color), tacks (organization), objects (location), 
Step: Fasten the sheet or quilt above your bed, against the wall or other object behind the bed.
Entities and attributes: quilt (location), wall (texture), sheet (location), 
Step: Find your pet.
Entities and attributes: pet (location), 

A person's goal is to repair dings on surfboard with a surfboard repair kit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Sand around the area the same as for a shatter and then tape it off.
Entities and attributes: surfboard | sandpaper (texture,cleanness), tape (location,placement), the board (weight), area (composition), dings (texture), board (texture), 
Step: Mix up a cold batch of resin and add to this some foam powder, finely cut fiberglass matting or a filler mix so it is like a paste or putty and push this into the ding with something like an ice-cream stick.
Entities and attributes: resin | stick | the finishing resin | the resin (moisture,organization | shape | composition,composition), the paste | paste (location), fiberglass (texture), ice-cream stick (cleanness), powder (location), ingredients (organization,texture), bowl (cleanness), filler (location), 
Step: When it is dry, apply a hot thin coat of finishing resin.
Entities and attributes: resin | stick | the finishing resin | the resin (moisture,placement | location,hardness | density,temperature,wetness), the spot on the board (temperature), the board (weight), the paste | paste (moisture,hardness), filler (moisture), 
Step: Peel off the tape as the resin starts to set, leave to dry and sand flat with water and a fine wet and dry sandpaper.
Entities and attributes: surfboard | sandpaper (cleanness), resin | stick | the finishing resin | the resin (organization | shape | composition,moisture,hardness | density,wetness,texture), tape (location), the board (sanding), the paste | paste (texture), board (smooth), 
Step: This "DIY" surfboard repair kit is less time consuming, affordable and easy to do.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Get a "Do It Yourself" Surfboard Repair Kit online to help you with your surfboard dilemma.
Entities and attributes: you (location,possession), repair kit (ownership), 

A person's goal is to clean stainless steel refrigerators.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose a nonabrasive cleaning cloth.
Entities and attributes: cloth (cleanness | moisture,location,ownership), fridge (cleanness | cleann), hands (availability), 
Step: Clean with the grain.
Entities and attributes: cloth (cleanness | moisture), stainless steel (cleanness), fridge (cleanness | cleann,color), 
Step: This is the cheapest method for cleaning your refrigerator, but stubborn stains and fingerprints will require extra rubbing or the addition of a few drops of dishwashing liquid soap.
Entities and attributes: cleaner | cleaners (composition), soap | water (location,composition,composition,texture), glass (weight,cleanness,volume), fridge (cleanness | cleann), 
Step: Any vegetable oil, including olive oil, will clean stainless steel.
Entities and attributes: cloth (cleanness | moisture), oil (location,loc), bottle (volume,weight), fridge (cleanness | cleann), steel (cleanness), 
Step: Try white vinegar and water on your appliance.
Entities and attributes: cloth (cleanness | moisture), vinegar (location), streaks (visibility), bottle (volume), appliance (moisture), fridge (cleanness | cleann), 
Step: Use commercial cleaners.
Entities and attributes: cleaner | cleaners (location,humidity), streaks (appearance), bottle (volume,weight), fridge (cleanness | cleann,color), 

A person's goal is to make homemade fabric conditioner.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the items from the Things You'll Need section.
Entities and attributes: items (location), 
Step: Mix together the washing soda, white vinegar and water.
Entities and attributes: washing soda, white vinegar and water | soda, vinegar and water (composition), vinegar | white vinegar (location), water | washing soda | bottle (location,wetness), mixing cup (cleanness,weight), ingredients (composition), 
Step: Add a few drops of essential oil.
Entities and attributes: essential oil container (weight), essential oil (location), mixing cup (weight,fullness), mixture (volume,scent,smell), 
Step: Stir together one more time.
Entities and attributes: stirring spoon (cleanness | wetness), ingredients (composition), spoon (location,wetness), oil (composition), 
Step: Bottle the fabric conditioner for storage.
Entities and attributes: fabric conditioner | conditioner (location), water | washing soda | bottle (wetness,fullness), mixing cup (weight,fullness), bottle (weight), 
Step: Use the fabric conditioner in the same way that you would use a commercial fabric conditioner.
Entities and attributes: fabric conditioner | conditioner (step), fabric conditioner bottle (fullness,weight), fabric (softness,texture), 

A person's goal is to choose the right insulation contractor.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: the contractor you are hiring has a current license to perform work in the state and is insured to state regulations.
Entities and attributes: contractor license status | insurance for contractor (knowledge), the hired contractor (step), contractor (knowledge), list of insulation contractors (location), state minimums for insurance (knowledge), 
Step: that has been in business for a respectable number of years.
Entities and attributes: online reviews (knowledge), contractor (knowledge), contractor references (location), years of experience (knowledge), 
Step: .
Entities and attributes: budget for renovation | money for renovation (location | cost), contractor (knowledge), details of work to be performed (location), estimate (location), 
Step: .
Entities and attributes: contract (location), 
Step: An on-staff equipment specialist.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Go online!
Entities and attributes: computer (power), user (power), 

A person's goal is to exercise in the heat.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Drink a lot of water.
Entities and attributes: water (location), water bottle (volume), body | person (hydration), eyes (orientation), bottle (location,orientation), head (orientation), 
Step: Wear the proper clothes.
Entities and attributes: clothing | clothes (location), 
Step: Skin cancer can be so easy to catch so you must stay protected.
Entities and attributes: sunscreen (location), shoulder | hand (wetness), skin (albedo), body | person (safety), 
Step: Biking and swimming can both be cooling activities.
Entities and attributes: water (motion), bicycle (motion), body | person (temperature,wetness), feet (speed), 
Step: Don't push yourself to hard.
Entities and attributes: body | person (energy,curvature), breathing (depth), feet (speed), 
Step: Work inside.
Entities and attributes: workout | work (location), muscles (hardness), arms (orientation), 

A person's goal is to remove mold from a barbie doll.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove any form of clothing.
Entities and attributes: bowl | doll (clothing,weight), doll skin | doll's skin (covering), clothes (location,fullness), 
Step: Fill a sink with lukewarm or hot water.
Entities and attributes: sink | kettle (wetness | moisture,emptiness,container | temperature), water (location,temperature,movement), sink plug (location), tap (power), 
Step: Mix baking soda with baby soap and a teaspoon of vinegar for a stronger cleaning mixture.
Entities and attributes: baking soda and vinegar (container), bowl | doll (wetness | moisture | dryness), baby soap (location), baby soap container (weight), baking soda (location,moisture), vinegar | vinegar bottle (location | fullness,weight), teaspoon (wetness), mixture (smell), 
Step: Apply the baby soap to the doll (or the cleaning combo from the last step) and scrub the doll with the used toothbrush making sure to work the mixture into the stains .
Entities and attributes: toothbrush (wetness | cleanness | moisture), bowl | doll (wetness | moisture | dryness,cleanness | washing state), soap (location), soap bottle (weight), stains (color), 
Step: Wash the doll out and shake the doll to remove any water from in the doll's body.
Entities and attributes: bowl | doll (wetness | moisture | dryness,clothing,cleanness | washing state,weight,fullness), water (location), doll's hair (moisture), 
Step: Dress your doll after cleaning.
Entities and attributes: bowl | doll (clothing,weight), doll skin | doll's skin (covering), clothes (location), 

A person's goal is to level a trailer.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Extend any landing gear that is built into the design of the trailer.
Entities and attributes: trailer (location), landing gear (position | gear,orientation | balance,length), landing gear feet (location), crank handle (motion), trailer end (stability), 
Step: Determine the degree of imbalance present after parking the trailer.
Entities and attributes: trailer (motion), imbalance | balance (knowledge), leveler | level (location), 
Step: Adjust the landing gear as needed.
Entities and attributes: trailer (balance), landing gear (orientation | balance,landing gear), leveler | level (position), crank handle (motion), 
Step: Level the angle from side-to-side first.
Entities and attributes: side to side angle (knowledge,pitch), angle (orientation,balance | angle), 
Step: Adjust the leveling front-to-back.
Entities and attributes: leveling | front to back leveling (balance | leveling), front to back angle (pitch), leveler | level (orientation), 
Step: Recheck the balance of the travel trailer.
Entities and attributes: trailer (balance), imbalance | balance (knowledge,balance), leveler | level (location), 

A person's goal is to make a grilled banana split.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Start by preheating the grill to low.
Entities and attributes: grill | the grill (temperature | activity,power), temperature dial (motion), grates (temperature), temperature (setting), 
Step: Grill each side for about one minute and make sure you flip them carefully.
Entities and attributes: grill | the grill (fullness,container), bananas | banana | banana halves | chocolate sauce (location,temperature,markings,cooked or not,orientation), banana peels (location), spatula (orientation), 
Step: Place two banana halves n each plate and top with your favorite ice cream.
Entities and attributes: bananas | banana | banana halves | chocolate sauce (location,temperature), ice cream | spoon | dish (location,temperature), plate (cleanness,location,fullness,texture,weight), 
Step: Drizzle with chocolate sauce.
Entities and attributes: chocolate sauce container (weight | fullness,location), bananas | banana | banana halves | chocolate sauce (location | taste,composition), ice cream | spoon | dish (texture,layering), 
Step: You're all done.Enjoy the yummy dessert.
Entities and attributes: bananas | banana | banana halves | chocolate sauce (temperature), cherry container (weight), ice cream | spoon | dish (cleanness), cherries (location,moisture), serving dish (weight), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: ice cream | spoon | dish (temperature), cherries (temperature), 

A person's goal is to convert any toilet to a low flush toilet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill a half gallon container.
Entities and attributes: container | sink | hands (fullness | emptiness | volume | fullnesss,weight,moisture | wetness,location,temperature), water | tank (location,motion), 
Step: Place the container in the tank of the toilet.
Entities and attributes: container | sink | hands (moisture | wetness,exposure,location), tank lid | lid (location), toilet tank | toilet tank water volume (fullness | volume,weight), tank cover (location), waterline (height), tank (covering), 
Step: Carefully lower it into the water.
Entities and attributes: container | sink | hands (cleanness,moisture | wetness,moisture,location), waterline (height), tank (weight,fullness), cap | outside of the container (moisture), 
Step: Replace the lid of the tank.
Entities and attributes: container | sink | hands (visibility), tank lid | lid (location), water | tank (coverage), tank (openness), 
Step: The New York Times reported that a sealed half gallon container will save half a gallon on each flush.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Send this article to your friends.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to remove a ceiling (paddle) fan for reuse.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare to remove the fan from the ceiling.
Entities and attributes: fan (organization), area beneath fan (cleanness), ceiling fan (electric conductivity), ladder (location), 
Step: Grasp the fan housing and twist 1⁄4 to 1⁄2 inch (0.6 to 1.3 cm) so that the housing slots align with the screw heads.
Entities and attributes: housing (organization,movement), screw heads (or,orientation), 
Step: Remove and disconnect the fan.
Entities and attributes: fan (organization,altitude,location,orientation,electric conductivity), wires (electric conductivity), 
Step: Remove support hardware from ceiling.
Entities and attributes: hardware (organization,location), support hardware (location), screwdriver (orientation), 
Step: Patch, sand and paint ceiling as needed.
Entities and attributes: ceiling (texture,color | odor,moisture,composition,cleanness), paint (location), 
Step: Cover ceiling electrical box.
Entities and attributes: electrical box (color), ceiling (visibility), box (coverage), 

A person's goal is to fix palings or pickets.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Be sure to paint, stain, varnish etc, the palings or pickets before you work with them.
Entities and attributes: pickets/palings | pickets (color | completion,texture,location,moisture), paint (location | ownership), 
Step: Measure how many you will need to cover each span of rails from post to post.
Entities and attributes: palings (organization), pickets/palings | pickets (color | completion,size), items needed (materials), measuring tape (step), 
Step: Run a line of string at the base of the palings.
Entities and attributes: string (location,length,step,pressure), 
Step: Nail the palings into place along the string line.
Entities and attributes: pickets/palings | pickets (orientation,strength), hammer (location,power), nails (placement), 
Step: Use a block of wood to space palings or pickets to provide consistent spacing between each one.
Entities and attributes: pickets/palings | pickets (organization), block of wood (step), block (orientation,location), wood (placement), 
Step: Draw a line in chalk across the top of the palings to mark the desired height of your fence.
Entities and attributes: fence top (color), chalk line (step), 

A person's goal is to shoot a fadeaway.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Turn your body so both shoulders are in line with the basket.
Entities and attributes: shoulders (orientation | location,position), body (position), 
Step: Drop down the shoulder closest to the basket.
Entities and attributes: shoulder | the shoulder (location | position,step), 
Step: Take a step backwards and square your shoulders to the basket.
Entities and attributes: shoulders (position), shoulder | the shoulder (location | position), you | person (location), feet (distance), step (step), 
Step: Jump in the air and away from the basket.
Entities and attributes: you | person (location,distance), body (position,distance), feet (altitude | position), 
Step: Raise the basketball above your head.
Entities and attributes: basketball | the basketball (location,position), ball (altitude), the basketball (location), arms (location), 
Step: Shoot the basketball.
Entities and attributes: basketball | the basketball (location,possession | step,position), ball (location,distance), 

A person's goal is to make chocolate toothpaste tart.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cream together 70g margarine and 150g sugar until smooth.
Entities and attributes: tart mix | mixture (texture), margarine (location | containers,texture,combining), bowl | spoon | water (weight,cleanness), sugar and margarine (weight,composition), sugar container (weight), mixing bowl (weight,cleanness), sugar (moisture,location,composition,location | containers), 
Step: Add 20g hot chocolate powder (the instant kind) and 20g cocoa powder to the margarine/sugar mix and cream together well.
Entities and attributes: hot chocolate and cocoa | hot chocolate powder (packaging | location,composition), hot chocolate package (openness), tart mix | mixture (color), hot cocoa powder | powder (moisture), hot cocoa (container), margarine (temperature,texture), bowl | spoon | water (weight), cocoa powder container (weight), cocoa powder (location), 
Step: Mix 230g dried milk powder and 150 milliliters (5.1  fl oz) warm water together in a separate bowl until smooth.
Entities and attributes: dry milk powder | milk powder (container | location,composition | moisture), bowl | spoon | water (weight,cleanness,moisture,temperature), dried milk (location), water (composition,color), 
Step: Blend both mixes together very well until smooth and thick.
Entities and attributes: the cocoa and margarine mixture | the milk mixture (container,color), tart mix | mixture (colors | location,thickness,texture), light mix (location), dark mix (composition), bowl | spoon | water (weight,cleanness), beater (cleanness), ingredients (step), 
Step: Pour into a ready made pastry case and put in the refrigerator until set.
Entities and attributes: fridge | refrigerator (fullness), tart mix | mixture (texture), the tarts | tarts | tart | mixture (temperature,location), pastry case (fullness,temperature,weight), the mixture | mix (placement | locations,texture), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: fridge | refrigerator (fullness), the tarts | tarts | tart | mixture (temperature,placement | location,color,composition), serving tray | serving dish (fullness,weight,cleanness), tart filling (thickness), 

A person's goal is to urban camp solo.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Determine the proper site for your urban camping adventure.
Entities and attributes: campsites (search status), laptop (status | form | power,location,power), head (movement), 
Step: Pack up everything you will need for the time you are staying.
Entities and attributes: bag | backpack (weight,fullness | volume,openness,content | container), washing cloth (location), supplies (location), cream (location), toothbrush (location), supples (density), luggage (position), gear (location), room (sound), zipper (openness), hands (motion), 
Step: Go on your trip.
Entities and attributes: bag | backpack (location,openness), key (location), door (openness), arms (motion), legs (position), car (temperature), 
Step: Find out how many miles you traveled at the end of the day, and plan out for the next day.
Entities and attributes: miles (growth), pencil and paper (location), next day (planning), pencil (sharpness), gps (power), paper (marking), phone (brightness), 
Step: Find lodging at night.
Entities and attributes: time (time), bag | backpack (location), sky (brightness | color), person (movement,alterness), computer (brightness), 
Step: Arrive at your destination and restock on provisions, and get ready for the return trip.
Entities and attributes: provisions (amounts,location), bag | backpack (weight,openness,fullness | volume,content | container), wallet (thickness), room (capacity), person (readiness), 

A person's goal is to unlock super sonic in sonic heroes.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Enter the bonus stage in every possible level.
Entities and attributes: bonus (ownership), 
Step: Once you have entered, play the mini-game that you are forced to do in the stage.
Entities and attributes: mini game (power), game (knowledge), 
Step: Beat the bonus stage to earn a Chaos Emerald.
Entities and attributes: chaos emerald (ownership), 
Step: After acquiring a Chaos Emerald, exit the bonus stage and get the other remaining ones.
Entities and attributes: remaining stages (ownership), bonus stage | player (location), 
Step: With all 7 Chaos Emeralds collected, you will now unlock the Final Story.
Entities and attributes: emeralds (ownership), final story (power), 
Step: Sonic will ask the other members to find a solution and Dr.
Entities and attributes: sonic (awareness,volume), 

A person's goal is to catch and release blue fish.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Attach a steel leader to your line.
Entities and attributes: the steel leader (placement,location), the line | line (weight,length), the rod (weight), 
Step: Work gloves protect your hands from bluefish teeth and make it easier to handle the wire leader and fishing line without cutting yourself.
Entities and attributes: hands (safety), handling (easy), your hands (safety), gloves (hazards), 
Step: Choose your lure or bait.
Entities and attributes: the lure (location,movement), the person (action), 
Step: Handle the fish quickly and carefully.
Entities and attributes: the fish (location), the hands (senses), 
Step: Remove the hook with pliers or special tools.
Entities and attributes: the fish (power), hook | the hook (location), the pliers (position), 
Step: Hold the fish underwater until it revives.
Entities and attributes: the fish (location,weight,power,breathing), fish (life), 

A person's goal is to make blowdarts.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather the items listed in the "Things you Need" section############
Entities and attributes: shoelaces | shoelace | shoelact | tube (ownership,location), antiseptic | pins (location,ownership), things you need (location), items (location,cost), 
Step: Cut both ends the shoelace approximately 2.5cm (1 inch) from the end.
Entities and attributes: shoelaces | shoelace | shoelact | tube (composition | density,length,size), 
Step: Fray the shoelace to look like a puffball.
Entities and attributes: shoelaces | shoelace | shoelact | tube (composition | density,texture), 
Step: Part the frayed ends of the shoelace and insert the pin in the center, through the aglet (the plastic or metal trimming located at the end of a shoelace), so that it protrudes on the other end of the puffball.
Entities and attributes: shoelaces | shoelace | shoelact | tube (stability), pin (location), 
Step: After cleaning the pin of the dart with an antiseptic, insert into the tube.
Entities and attributes: antiseptic | pins (location), pin (location,cleanness), 
Step: Finished.######//<!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a trash can from plastic bottles.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a hole in the bottom of 36 (or 2/3) of your bottles.
Entities and attributes: bottle | bottles (size | shape), knife (cleanness), scissors (location), 
Step: Fill 18 (or 1/3) of the bottles halfway with dirt (if there are a lot of stones or rocks in the dirt, filling the bottle ¼ of the way is fine).
Entities and attributes: rocks | stones (location), bottle | bottles (volume | fullness,cleanness,weight), dirt (location), soil (location), 
Step: From the bottom of each bottle, measure up 10 centimeters (3.9 in) and mark it on two sides.
Entities and attributes: bottle | bottles (color,clarity), ruler | marker (location), ink (location), 
Step: Make 18 columns of bottles with 3 bottles each.
Entities and attributes: bottle | bottles (location,organization), 
Step: Line the columns of bottles in a row.
Entities and attributes: wire (shape), bottle columns (organization), 
Step: Bring the ends of wires together in each row and tie them together and close with wire cutters.
Entities and attributes: wire (shape), wires (orientation | organization), 

A person's goal is to cut quilt strips.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare your fabric for cutting by pressing out all folds and wrinkles with spray sizing.
Entities and attributes: fabric | cloth (location,shape | length,temperature,readiness,texture), iron (temperature), 
Step: Fold fabric salvage to salvage, allowing it to lay flat while keeping salvages mostly lined up.
Entities and attributes: salvages (length), fabric | cloth (shape | length,thickness), 
Step: Fold folded edge to salvage edges making sure fabric lays flat and that fold is evenly matched to salvage edges.
Entities and attributes: folded edge | edges (shape), fabric | cloth (shape | length,thickness), 
Step: Trim raw edge square to second fold of fabric.
Entities and attributes: fabric | cloth (shape | length,texture,organization), scissors (location), edge (shape), 
Step: Cutting 1 strip square to second fold of fabric and previously cut raw edge.
Entities and attributes: fabric | cloth (shape | length,area), strip square (size), strip (shape), 
Step: Every few strips, you may have to re-trim and square raw edge and/or re-fold fabric.
Entities and attributes: folded edge | edges (size), fabric | cloth (shape | length,texture), 

A person's goal is to make a bowl in minecraft.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Craft three wooden planks.
Entities and attributes: three wooden planks (step), 
Step: Place the three wooden planks into the crafting grid.
Entities and attributes: planks (location), grid (volume), the 3 wooden planks (step), wooden planks (location), crafting grid (weight), 
Step: To add to your inventory, simply shift click or drag.
Entities and attributes: inventory (completion,step | steps), 
Step: Place the items for mushroom stew in the crafting grid as follows:
Entities and attributes: mushroom (location), grid (volume), items for mushroom stew (step), crafting grid (size), 
Step: To add to your inventory, shift click or drag.
Entities and attributes: inventory (volume,size), 
Step: It is also possible to "milk" a mushroom with a bowl.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make strawberry daiquiri jello shots.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Prepare the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: bowl | cups | tray (cleanness,weight,temperature,placement | position,location), cup packaging (location), packaging (openness), 
Step: Dissolve the gelatin into the boiling water in a large bowl.
Entities and attributes: bowl | cups | tray (volume | cups), gelatin package (form), water | pot (temperature,composition,color,taste,thickness), gelatin (matter | state of matter | composition,wetness | moisture,location,temp), stove (power), boiling water (odor), 
Step: Measure and pour the cold water and light rum into the bowl.
Entities and attributes: rum bottle cap | rum bottle (location | volume,weight), bowl | cups | tray (weight,temperature,size), cold water (location), liqour (position), air (smell), cold water/rum (composition), measuring cup (wetness | moisture,cleanness,fullness), rum (sealing), 
Step: Carefully pour the Jello mixture into the shot cups.
Entities and attributes: bowl | cups | tray (volume | cups,cleanness,weight,temperature,weight), jello (position), mixture (location), shot cups (wetness | color), 
Step: Chill in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: bowl | cups | tray (temperature,location), jello (temperature,matter,readiness), refrigerator (fullness), mixture (texture,temperature), fridge (space), liquid (temperature), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: bowl | cups | tray (temperature,location), jello (state of matter), fridge (fullness), 

A person's goal is to create a box studio for your photography.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Select a larger sized box.
Entities and attributes: background (space), box (emptiness,location,size), 
Step: Find or purchase a suitable light source.
Entities and attributes: background (light), light source | light | area (location,light,quality,ownership), money (location), 
Step: Create reflectors for the light.
Entities and attributes: background (reflection), light source | light | area (brightness,volume), box (shape), plastic (shape), 
Step: Create a way to diffuse the light.
Entities and attributes: light source | light | area (light,complexity,color), 
Step: Assemble the box studio.
Entities and attributes: bottom of box (emptiness), studio (composition), parts (location), cardboard (shape), 
Step: Ready your camera.
Entities and attributes: camera (location,power,position), 

A person's goal is to make chocolate dipped cheerios.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take out the multi-grain Cheerios.
Entities and attributes: cheerios (location,ownership), ceral | cereal (location,seal), bowl | box | spoon (weight,volume), 
Step: Melt 2 tablespoons of chocolate chips.
Entities and attributes: microwave (electric conductivity), mug (cleanness,temperature,container), chocolate chips (location | ownership,temperature,shape), bowl | box | spoon (wetness), 
Step: Dip the multi-grain Cheerios in the melted chocolate.
Entities and attributes: chocolate (location), cheerios (moisture | taste,wetness | composition,weight,temperature,brightness), cheerios and chocolate (composition), melted chocolate (location), mug (volume), bowl | box | spoon (weight), 
Step: Place on waxed paper until cooled and dried.
Entities and attributes: chocolate (moisture,texture), cheerios (location,wetness | composition,temperature,texture), wax paper | waxed paper (covering | container,wetness | temperature,cleanness,weight,ownership), mixture (location,temperature), bowl | box | spoon (weight,volume), 
Step: Add mini sprinkles if desired.
Entities and attributes: sprinkes | sprinkles (location | area,ownership), cheerios (moisture | taste,wetness | composition), sprinkles and mixture (composition), 
Step: Serve:##################As snack nibbles in a bowl.######With milk for a different twist to a cheerio breakfast.######As a decoration on cupcakes or large cakes.
Entities and attributes: cheerios (temperature,moisture), mixture (location), milk (location), cupcakes (decoration), 

A person's goal is to get rid of cattails.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Dig up the cattails.
Entities and attributes: cattails (location), tractor (electric conductivity), shovel (cleanness), roots (location), hand muscles (power), 
Step: Choose a chemical removal method.
Entities and attributes: cattails (viability), chemicals (location), money (location), 
Step: Calculate the area and volume of your pond.
Entities and attributes: measuring device (location), area (knowledge), 
Step: Apply the herbicide to the cattails.
Entities and attributes: cattails (viability,resistance,wetness), bottle (volume,weight), herbicide (location), mask (location), 
Step: Cut down the dead cattails.
Entities and attributes: cattails (location), grass cutter (power,location), dead cattails (location,shape), 
Step: Remove the dead cattails from the pond.
Entities and attributes: cattails (location), dead cattails (location), pond (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to reset a check engine light.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Connect the scanner to the on-board diagnostic connector (OBD-II) under your steering column.
Entities and attributes: scanner | hand (power | volume,power,location), diagnostic connector (placement), cables | wires | cable | wire (pressure), port (volume), screen (brightness), tool (power), car (organization), hands (motion), 
Step: Press the "Read" button on your scan tool to view the engine's error codes.
Entities and attributes: scanner | hand (pressure,location), button (pressure,position), memory (power), finger | fingers (motion), error codes (knowledge), tool (power), eyes (focus), device (power), 
Step: Press the "Erase" button on your scanner to clear the error code.
Entities and attributes: scanner | hand (power | volume,mode), button (pressure), memory (volume), finger | fingers (pressure,position), code field (volume), code (location), car (organization), device (power), wrist (pressure), 
Step: Disconnect your car's battery by removing the positive and negative cables.
Entities and attributes: cables | wires | cable | wire (pressure,organization | location), battery | power (power,electric conductivity), hood | door | horn (position), battery cables (location), positive cable (organization), charge (volume), car (movement | power), 
Step: Press and hold your horn for 30 seconds to drain any remaining electricity from the capacitor.
Entities and attributes: scanner | hand (location), cables | wires | cable | wire (electric conductivity), hood | door | horn (position,sound | openness,pressure), electricity (electric conductivity), capacitor (power | volume,charge), engine (power), birds (speed), car (sound), vehicle (electric conductivity), 
Step: Wait 15 minutes and reconnect your battery.
Entities and attributes: cables | wires | cable | wire (organization | location,electric conductivity), battery | power (power,location), hood | door | horn (sound | openness), finger | fingers (pressure), lights (brightness), car (movement | power), hands (motion), 

A person's goal is to make soap crayons.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Assemble the things needed for this project.
Entities and attributes: soap | soap flakes | soap mix | water (composition | wetness), shredder (cleanness), food coloring (location), bowl | spoon (weight,cleanness,fullness), 
Step: Add the food colouring to the laundry soap or soap flakes.
Entities and attributes: food coloring bottle (fullness | weight), food coloring and soap (composition), flakes (color), soap | soap flakes | soap mix | water (moisture,color), food coloring (location), bowl | spoon (weight), 
Step: Add the hot water by the teaspoonful until the soap becomes liquid.
Entities and attributes: soap | soap flakes | soap mix | water (composition | wetness,temperature,texture | shape,temperature,color), bowl | spoon (temperature,wetness), water (location), 
Step: Pack the coloured soap into ice cube trays.
Entities and attributes: soap | soap flakes | soap mix | water (location,texture | shape), molds (fullness,cleanness), bowl | spoon (weight,fullness), mold (temperature), ice cube tray | ice trays (container | fullness), ice tray (weight), 
Step: Leave aside in a sunny and dry position.
Entities and attributes: soap | soap flakes | soap mix | water (temperature,texture,moisture,texture | shape,cure status), mold (moisture), 
Step: Give to your children at bath time.
Entities and attributes: soap crayon (moisture), soap | soap flakes | soap mix | water (location,hardness), bath tub (fullness), fish (ownership), wall (cleanness), walls (decoration), mold (weight), 

A person's goal is to wax furniture.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Seal the wood furniture first.
Entities and attributes: the wood furniture | the furniture | wood | furniture (weight | size,composition,wetness,color,texture), the can of sealer (volume), the brush (wetness,weight), 
Step: Clean the furniture of any dust.
Entities and attributes: the wood furniture | the furniture | wood | furniture (cleanness,cleanness), dust (location), the rag (cleanness), 
Step: Apply some wax to a clean microfiber cloth.
Entities and attributes: the bottle of wax (volume | weight), the cloth (weight,cleanness,wetness), the wax | wax (location), microfiber cloth (cleanness), the rag (color), cloth (wetness), 
Step: Apply the wax to the wood furniture.
Entities and attributes: the wood furniture | the furniture | wood | furniture (wetness,moisture | appearance,weight,brightness), the wax | wax (location), wood furniture (covering), the rag (weight), 
Step: Allow the paste wax to dry.
Entities and attributes: the wood furniture | the furniture | wood | furniture (moisture | appearance), the wax | wax (moisture | wetness), 
Step: Buff the waxed furniture with a clean cloth.
Entities and attributes: the wood furniture | the furniture | wood | furniture (texture,strength), the surface (brightness), the cloth (cleanness), the wax | wax (smoothness), 

A person's goal is to make herb iced tea.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lay the herbs in the teapot.
Entities and attributes: infusion | herbs | teapot (location,weight,fullness), 
Step: Pour boiling water over the herb leaves.
Entities and attributes: infusion | herbs | teapot (weight,fullness,wetness), teapot | boiling water (temperature | location), water | herb (temperature), herbs | herb leaves (wetness | composition), 
Step: Put a cover over the infusion so that it doesn’t evaporate.
Entities and attributes: infusion | herbs | teapot (orientation,weight,covering), teapot cover (distance), herbs | herb leaves (rigidity), steam (location), cover (location,temperature,wetness,weight), 
Step: Leave until the infusion cools completely.
Entities and attributes: infusion | herbs | teapot (temperature), teapot lid (location), water | herb (temperature,clarity), air (smell), sun (location), you (age), 
Step: Add ice cubes to the cold herbal tea infusion.
Entities and attributes: infusion | herbs | teapot (temperature), freezer door (position), tea | tea infusion (temperature), ice (location), tea container (weight,fullness), ice cubes (loction | location,state of matter,temperature,size), 
Step: Sweeten to taste.
Entities and attributes: infusion | herbs | teapot (taste), tea | tea infusion (taste | flavor), hand (pressure), tea container (weight,fullness), sweetener (mixture), spoon (wetness), sugar (state of matter), 

A person's goal is to have fun with a wii when you&#x27;re bored with it.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Try Virtual Console and WiiWare.
Entities and attributes: virtual console | wiiware (location), console box | wiiware box (openness), wii (electric conductivity), wii shop channel (openness), knife to open box (location), console (power), 
Step: Look into games that interest you.
Entities and attributes: popular titles (openness), games | dvds (knowledge), 
Step: Get games with Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Entities and attributes: wii points (availability), games | dvds (knowledge,location,ownership), scissors to open box (location), game box (openness), 
Step: Buy some more controllers.
Entities and attributes: controllers (ownership,location,cost), controller box (openness), 
Step: While it isn't officially supported by Nintendo, it can allow you to play DVDs, games, and even emulators and backups!
Entities and attributes: games | dvds (location), 
Step: Make A Weird Mii!
Entities and attributes: mii (uniqueness), 

A person's goal is to organise a linen closet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Have as many shelves as possible.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Sort linen into types or groups.
Entities and attributes: linen | linens (organization | order), 
Step: Make use of containers, boxes, etc.
Entities and attributes: boxes (usage,weight), 
Step: Place the least used items at the very top of the linen closet.
Entities and attributes: linen | linens (organization | order), least used items (location), 
Step: Place heavier items on the floor of the linen closet.
Entities and attributes: heavier items (location), items (strength), 
Step: Make use of the door space in a linen closet for small items.
Entities and attributes: door (organization), 

A person's goal is to make a light diffuser for macro photography.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get a cheap picture frame, whatever size will suit your purpose.
Entities and attributes: picture frame | frame (availability | cost,ownership | location), 
Step: Remove everything from the frame.
Entities and attributes: glass pane | frame stand (location), picture frame | frame (composition), picture (location), paper (location), 
Step: Lay down your diffuser material on the cleared frame.
Entities and attributes: picture frame | frame (container,composition), diffuser material (location), material (location), 
Step: Put the glass back into the frame.
Entities and attributes: picture frame | frame (complexity), glass (location), 
Step: Be sure to bend the prongs in the back of the glass to hold the glass onto the frame.
Entities and attributes: prongs (shape | orientation), glass (tightness), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to grow borage.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Purchase or obtain borage seeds.
Entities and attributes: seed | seeds (ownership | location,cost), vehicle (weight,temperature), funds (amount), 
Step: Select a sunny spot in the garden.
Entities and attributes: soil (location), site (knowledge), 
Step: Sow the seed in spring for summer flowering or sow in the autumn for spring flowering.
Entities and attributes: seed | seeds (ownership | location,viability), water (location), 
Step: Thin out the seedlings.
Entities and attributes: seedlings | seedling (size,amount | volume,location), thinned seedling roots (length), hand (cleanness), 
Step: Don't over-water.
Entities and attributes: soil (wetness | moisture), seedling leaves (size), water (location), hose (length), 
Step: Harvest.
Entities and attributes: seedlings | seedling (location), flowers (location), seedling collection (cleanness), seedling plants (size), 

A person's goal is to make a tissue box guitar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take an old empty tissue box.
Entities and attributes: tissue box (volume | shape,location), box (volume), 
Step: Cut off the top cellophane or cardboard.
Entities and attributes: top of tissue box (location), tissue box (volume | shape), box top (size), box (volume), cellophane (composition), top (composition), 
Step: Cut a hole on the side of the box for the roll.
Entities and attributes: side of box (shape), roll | hole (composition | container), surface (area), sides (shape), 
Step: Insert the paper towel roll in the hole.
Entities and attributes: paper towel roll (location,orientation), roll | hole (composition | container), 
Step: Add the rubber band strings.
Entities and attributes: rubber band strings (location), rubber bands (location,tension), 
Step: Decorate the box.
Entities and attributes: box (volume,color), 

A person's goal is to wax a surfboard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: If you are using a longboard, wax the entire topside of the board from nose to tail and edge to edge.
Entities and attributes: longboard (texture), package (openness), surface | wax (condition,volume), wax (location), board (texture | moisture), surfboard (texture), hands (motion), 
Step: Use any one of several techniques to apply the basecoat.
Entities and attributes: fingers | finger (pressure), surface | wax (texture), back (position), basecoat (location), body (temperature), hands (motion), paper (texture), 
Step: Apply the basecoat until bumps start to form.
Entities and attributes: longboard (texture), surface | wax (temperature), basecoat (texture,location), wax (location), top (texture), container (volume), hands (motion), paper (condition), 
Step: Apply your temperature wax.
Entities and attributes: package (openness), surface | wax (temperature), topcoat (volume), wax (location), temperature (location), sponge (texture), hands (motion), arms (temperature), 
Step: Run your wax comb through the wax on your board.
Entities and attributes: wax comb | hand (cleanness | texture,location | orientation), surface | wax (texture,volume), legs (position), board (texture | moisture), comb (location), hands (motion), 
Step: Spray cool water over the board.
Entities and attributes: fingers | finger (pressure), wax comb | hand (volume), water (location), surface | wax (temperature), bottle (volume), board (texture | moisture), spray bottle (location), arm (pressure), 

A person's goal is to make your own baby alive pacifiers.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make the disc if you need to.
Entities and attributes: leftover pieces of paper or cardboard (location), thick paper or cardboard (location,shape), scissors | scissor (location), pencil or marker (location), scissor blades (sharpness), disc material (color,shape), disc (composition,size), hands (pressure), 
Step: Cover the eraser tip in the colored tape.
Entities and attributes: colored tape | piece of colored tape (location), eraser tip | eraser (composition | covering,color), pencil | tape (location,length,location), eraser (location | complexity), 
Step: Glue the eraser tip to the center of the round disc object.
Entities and attributes: glue bottle (weight,volume), round disc (location), eraser tip | eraser (location,composition | covering,position | composition,texture), glue | air (location,smell | odor,openness,wetness), round disc object (color), 
Step: Bend a piece of pipe cleaner in a circular shape around the base of the eraser tip, at the point where it is attached to the round disc.
Entities and attributes: round disc with eraser tip (location), scissors | scissor (location), glue | air (location), pipe cleaner (location,tension,length,shape), 
Step: Cut a length of thin ribbon to form a loop on the other side of the disc.
Entities and attributes: scissors | scissor (location), ribbon (location,length,shape), ribbon loop (location), glue | air (location), 
Step: Allow everything to completely dry.
Entities and attributes: round disc with eraser tip and ribbon loop (location,dryness), two piece of small wood (location), eraser tip | eraser (wetness), glue | air (wetness), pieces (connectivity), everything (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make a blowback cocktail.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Fill your mixing glass halfway with ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: martini glass | mixing glass | cocktail | glass (wetness | moisture,container), glass | mixing glass (temperature), mixing glass (emptiness), ice cubes | ice (location), ice tray (fullness), 
Step: Pour the coconut and apple liqueurs in the mixing glass.
Entities and attributes: martini glass | mixing glass | cocktail | glass (location,wetness | moisture), glass | mixing glass (weight,cleanness), apple liqueur bottle | coconut liqueur bottle (weight), apple liqueur (location | temperature), liqueurs (composition), ice cubes | ice (size), coconut liqueur (location,temperature), 
Step: Use your stirrer and stir everything well.
Entities and attributes: stirrer (cleanness,location,moisture,texture), ice cubes | ice (temperature), ingredients (composition), outside of glass (moisture), 
Step: Attach a strainer to your mixing glass and strain the contents in your martini glass.
Entities and attributes: martini glass | mixing glass | cocktail | glass (emptiness | fullness,cleanness,weight,temperature,location), strainer (cleanness | cleannesss,temperature,location,wetness,texture), person (orientation), 
Step: Cut a wedge on the apple slice and place it on the side of the martini glass.
Entities and attributes: apple slice | apple (location,shape | composition), martini glass | mixing glass | cocktail | glass (decoration), knife | cutting board (cleanness,location,texture), 
Step: Serve and enjoy.######//<!
Entities and attributes: martini glass | mixing glass | cocktail | glass (emptiness | fullness,location), person (orientation), 

A person's goal is to make box sushi.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######Cut both shrimp delicately so as to make each in a butterfly pattern.
Entities and attributes: cutting surface | cutting tool (cleanness,sharpness), cutting board | knife (cleanness,moisture), shrimp (wholeness | composition,shape,size), 
Step: ######WH.shared.addScrollLoadItem('img_4ce32d8c68')##################Evenly spread a spoonful or two of fish eggs, or tobiko, onto the placed shrimp in the center of the box.
Entities and attributes: fish eggs or tobiko | fish eggs (location,position), shrimp (location,covering), spreading spoon (cleanness), tobiko (location), box (fullness,cleanness,weight), spoon (cleanness,moisture), 
Step: ######WH.shared.addScrollLoadItem('img_c641f92bb0')##################Take the top of the box form and slightly wet it.
Entities and attributes: top of box | box top | box form (wetness | moisture,weight), tap (power), box lid (cleanness), water (location,movement), 
Step: ######Make tuna hako sushi by first slicing four equally sized pieces of fresh tuna and placing them evenly on the bottom of the box sushi press.
Entities and attributes: box sushi press | sushi press (fullness,weight,cleanness), bottom of the box sushi press (coverage), cutting board | knife (cleanness,sharpness), tuna pieces (size), tuna (wholeness | composition,shape), 
Step: ######WH.shared.addScrollLoadItem('img_8f7808cf60')##################Press the rice and furikake into the sushi box form and cover.
Entities and attributes: sushi box form | sushi box (fullness,weight,covering | coverage), rice and furikake (contact), furikake (location), box (coverage), lid (location), rice (location,texture), 
Step: ######Arrange the shrimp and tuna hako sushi on your plate and add some ginger for a garnish.
Entities and attributes: sushi (location), shrimp (location,arrangement), press | plate (weight,cleanness,fullness,fullness,openness), tuna hako sushi (location,arrangement), ginger (location), fish (organization), 

A person's goal is to make marshmallow mint chocolate cake snack.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut a single slice of cake.
Entities and attributes: cake (composition | shape | size | taste,weight), knife (cleanness,texture,location), plate (cleanness,weight), 
Step: Tear the marshmallows into small pieces.
Entities and attributes: marshmallows | cake slice (composition | shape,location | coverage,size), marshmallow package (fullness | weight,openness), cake (weight), knife (cleanness), marshmallow parts (volume), 
Step: Tear the peppermint patty or patties into small pieces, just like the marshmallows.
Entities and attributes: peppermint patties | peppermint patty (composition | shape,location,packaging,location), cake (weight), cake slices (orientation), plate (weight), patties (size), patty parts (size), 
Step: Put the cake carefully in the microwave.
Entities and attributes: marshmallows | cake slice (size,action,temperature), micrcowave | microwave (power,volume), cake (texture,temperature,location,odor), plate (temperature), 
Step: It should be nice and gooey, as well as being comfortingly warm.
Entities and attributes: marshmallows | cake slice (size,temperature), micrcowave | microwave (power), cake (texture,composition | shape | size | taste,temperature), plate (location), fork (cleanness,location,texture,temperature), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: marshmallows | cake slice (location | coverage,temperature), micrcowave | microwave (fullness), cake (temperature), plate (cleanness,temperature), 

A person's goal is to make pesto tortellini.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Chop up the bacon to small pieces and fry them in a small pan until crisp.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (composition), knife | knife blade (cleanness | texture), pan (temperature,noise), bacon (texture | hardness,composition,size,temperature), 
Step: Boil the tortellini as directed (on the package or box) and drain in a colander.
Entities and attributes: tortellini (location,temperature,wetness), boiling water (location), collander (temperature,moisture), pasta (wetness,softness), water (movement), 
Step: Dice the onion and sweat it in a pan with the olive oil until the onion slices are translucent in color.
Entities and attributes: onions | onion (size | composition,shape | size,opacity | color,texture,temperature), knife | knife blade (cleanness | texture), olive oil (temperature), 
Step: Add the bacon, tortellini, pesto, and heavy cream in the pan.
Entities and attributes: tortellini (flavor), pesto (location), bacon (texture | hardness), pot (weight), heavy cream (temperature), 
Step: Add the avocado pieces and tomatoes.
Entities and attributes: ingredients (composition), avocado and tomatoes (shape), tomatoes (location), avocado pit (location), avocado (temperature,composition), pasta (color), avocado skin (location), 
Step: Serve the dish hot.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location), dish (temperature), 

A person's goal is to remove paint from a car exterior.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Park the car on top of a large tarp or drop cloth to contain the old paint.
Entities and attributes: car | tarp | tape (location,orientation | location,placement), 
Step: Use masking tape to cover the areas of the car that won't be sanded.
Entities and attributes: car | tarp | tape (color,orientation | location,step | composition), tape (length | shape), 
Step: Place a disk of 80-grit sandpaper onto a dual-action sander.
Entities and attributes: sander (composition,location), sand paper | sandpaper (location), 
Step: Sand the top of the car, beginning at the roof and moving to the hood, fenders, doors, trunk, and rear fenders.
Entities and attributes: car | tarp | tape (color,step | composition,texture), sander (electric conductivity,location), fenders (composition), paint (location), roof | hood | rear fenders (composition), doors | trunk (composition), 
Step: Work the sander against the car, and work on 1 panel at a time until the bare metal is showing.
Entities and attributes: car | tarp | tape (color), hands (location), bare metal (visibility), 
Step: Remove the sander from the air compressor, and use the open end of the air compressor hose to blow the dust off of the car.
Entities and attributes: car | tarp | tape (cleanness,condition), air compressor electrical cable (electric conductivity), dust (location), unit (composition), sander (location), air compressor (step,power), 

A person's goal is to benefit from hydroponic indoor gardening.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take advantage of the precise control you will have over your plants' nutrients.
Entities and attributes: nutrients (location,amount | quantity), nutrient container (weight), water (composition,quantity), measuring cup (cleanness), plants (moisture), gravel (location,moisture), soil (location), 
Step: Enjoy the reduced risk of soil-borne pests and diseases.
Entities and attributes: possible disease a grower must know about (knowledge), plants (composition,color,hydration), pests (availability), pesticides (cost), 
Step: Utilize only the amount of water that is needed for your gardening.
Entities and attributes: nutrients (location), water (location,cost | volume), plants (hydration,continuity), roots | container (moisture), 
Step: Grow more plants in less space using hydroponic gardening.
Entities and attributes: plants (location,hydration,area,volume), containers (volume), area (magnitude), 
Step: Enjoy faster harvest times when growing fruit or vegetables.
Entities and attributes: harvest time (length), vegetables (location), food plants ({}), 
Step: Reduce the strain on your own body when gardening.
Entities and attributes: person (energy), body (condition), 

A person's goal is to remove the dealership logo from a vehicle.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Wash the area around the emblem with warm soapy water.
Entities and attributes: water | soap (location,temperature), emblem | vehicle (wetness,cleanness), sponge | soapy water (location), 
Step: Use a hair dryer to add a little heat to the emblem, or remove it on a warm day.
Entities and attributes: emblem | vehicle (temperature,location), hair dryer (power), 
Step: Keeping it warm, take your fingers and slowly peel back the sticker.
Entities and attributes: emblem | vehicle (heat,location), fingers (location), 
Step: If simply peeling the warmed sticker doesn't work, try any of the following:
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Continue slowly till the emblem is entirely removed.
Entities and attributes: emblem | vehicle (existence,location), sticker (composition), 
Step: Once it is removed, remove any left-over glue with a goo removal product, such as Goo Gone, 3M Adhesive Remover or WD40.
Entities and attributes: glue (location,availability), car surface (texture), goo gone (location), 

A person's goal is to make vanilla infused vodka.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour the vodka into a glass jar, or leave it in its original bottle if it is the right measure.
Entities and attributes: jar | glass jar | lid (fullness,container,moisture | wetness,cleanness), vodka | vodka infusion | vanilla (location), vodka bottle (weight | fullness), bottle (weight), 
Step: Add the split vanilla pods to the vodka.
Entities and attributes: jar | glass jar | lid (fullness), vanilla bean | vanilla pods | vanilla beans | vodka (composition | size,location,moisture | wetness,composition | cleanness), knife | cutting board (cleanness), 
Step: Put the lid over the jar or the cap on the bottle.
Entities and attributes: jar | glass jar | lid (location | orientation,weight,securing,openness), vodka | vodka infusion | vanilla (exposure), bottle (openness), 
Step: Leave to stand for a minimum of 5 days to a week, although infusing for around 3 to 5 weeks will probably produce the best flavor.
Entities and attributes: vanilla bean | vanilla pods | vanilla beans | vodka (moisture | wetness,texture), vodka | vodka infusion | vanilla (color,age,location | taste), 
Step: Discard the vanilla pods when you're satisfied with the taste level of the infusion.
Entities and attributes: jar | glass jar | lid (fullness,weight), vanilla bean | vanilla pods | vanilla beans | vodka (location,exposure), trash (fullness,weight), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: jar | glass jar | lid (fullness), vodka jar (weight | fullness), vodka | vodka infusion | vanilla (location,location | taste), glass | serving glass (cleanness,moisture | wetness,fullness), 

A person's goal is to pass hitman contracts &quot;asylum aftermath&quot;.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Before beginning, take the in-game training.
Entities and attributes: training (review,knowledge,complexity), game (power), knowledge (knowledge), console (volume), screen (color), 
Step: "Asylum Aftermath" is the first mission.
Entities and attributes: mission (power), 
Step: Now, use the elevator to reach the 1st floor.
Entities and attributes: elevator (step), you (location,altitude), player (location), 
Step: Use the in-game map to find your exit points.
Entities and attributes: exit (availability), map (knowledge,power), points (knowledge), 
Step: After you've left the asylum, look to the left.
Entities and attributes: you (location,speed), player (orientation), 
Step: Congratulations!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make a triple decker peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Place jelly on two pieces of bread.
Entities and attributes: bread | jelly (location,taste | location | covering,color), bread slices | slices (weight), plate (cleanness,weight), knife (wetness), 
Step: Put peanut butter on one side of the 3rd piece of bread.
Entities and attributes: peanut butter jar (weight | fullness), peanut butter (location | taste), bread | jelly (taste | location | covering,weight), knife (cleanness), 
Step: Place peanut butter slice (peanut butter down) on one of the jelly slices############
Entities and attributes: peanut butter bread (taste,location), peanut butter slice (composition), bread slices | slices (orientation | composition), jelly bread (coverage), plate (weight), 
Step: Put peanut butter on the opposite side of the same piece of bread you previously put peanut butter on.
Entities and attributes: peanut butter (location | taste), bread | jelly (coating), other side of bread (covering), knife (weight), sandwich (weight | thickness), braed (texture), 
Step: Put the other piece of jelly bread (jelly down) on top of the exposed peanut butter slice, completing the sandwich.
Entities and attributes: jelly bread (location), sandwich (weight | thickness,layering,completion), 
Step: Enjoy!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to catch the bus on time.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to bed on time!
Entities and attributes: bus schedule | bus stop location (knowledge | location), you | person (location), location (location), bedtime (knowledge), clock (availability), 
Step: Set your alarm clock to wake you up.
Entities and attributes: wake time | wake-up time (decision | knowledge), alarm | alarm clock (power,setting), alarm clock position (location), wake-up alarm tone (sound pitch), clock function (knowledge), clock volume (sound), 
Step: Get up when your alarm goes up.
Entities and attributes: person's eyes (openness), person's body (position), person's arms (location), alarm | alarm clock (sound), you | person (location,wakefulness,orientation), sun (time), time (time), snooze alarm (power), 
Step: If you do things in an order, things will run a lot more smoothly.
Entities and attributes: bus departure (time), morning tasks (familiarity), bus (distance), 
Step: Complete any final extras.
Entities and attributes: final extras | extras (completion), final tasks (knowledge), 
Step: Get to the bus.
Entities and attributes: you | person (location,wakefulness), location (location), bus (weight), 

A person's goal is to make a tennis ball mortar.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: If it is cold in your area, try to heat up the tube for about 2 minutes############
Entities and attributes: tube (temperature,texture), ground under bricks | mortar | bricks (coverage), the time (time), 
Step: Drop 2.5mls of lighter fluid down the barrel, making sure some reaches the very bottom.
Entities and attributes: lighter fluid container | barrel | bottle (fullness,weight,volume,weight,wetness | moisture), lighter fluid (location), fluid (location), bottom (wetness), 
Step: Quickly insert the tennis ball, and use a stick or your hand to hold it firmly in place while you shake the mortar for 30 seconds.
Entities and attributes: lighter fluid container | barrel | bottle (volume,volume), stick or your hand (location), tube (weight,fullness), stick (location), tennis ball (location,cleanness), ground under bricks | mortar | bricks (speed), lighter fluid (location), hand (location), ball | balls (moisture,locatin,motion), 
Step: Prop the mortar into a high firing angle and hold it in place with bricks.
Entities and attributes: ground under bricks | mortar | bricks (coverage | coverage of ground under end,location | contact,volume,weight | height,location), lighter fluid (location), ball | balls (moisture), 
Step: Put the blast tube over the mortar making sure the inside hole can be seen.
Entities and attributes: tube (orientation), ground under bricks | mortar | bricks (weight | height,coverage), blast tube (location), 
Step: Put on hearing protection.
Entities and attributes: hearing protection (location), activity (safety), ears (coverage,safety,orientation), 

A person's goal is to build an a frame shelter.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Lash four uprights together to make two upside down Vs.
Entities and attributes: tie material for lashing | type of knot to use for lashing (availability | knowledge,length), sticks (location), rope (location,form), uprights (length,uprights), wood for uprights (availability), lashings (form), poles (material), 
Step: Join the two upside down Vs across the top with a roof beam.
Entities and attributes: v- shaped poles (form), roof beam pole (form | location), shelter frame (weight,security), roof beam | material for roof beam (inclusion | availability,length), upright poles (location), rope (form), uprights (composition), beam and uprights (organization), size of a-frame (size), upside down v's (v's), upside down vs (orientation), 
Step: Lash two rails to the sides of the upside down Vs at the right height for your sleeping platform.
Entities and attributes: rails (location,rails,length), shelter frame (amount,strength), rail poles (location,form), rope (form), height of sleeping platform (location), material for rails (availability), 
Step: Lay smaller branches across the rails for your sleeping platform.
Entities and attributes: branches (form,location | branches,length,orientation), shelter frame (weight,material), sleeping platform (support structure), rope (form), small branches (availability), branch layout (thickness), 
Step: Tie sheeting over the roof beam, or use leaves, branches or other natural materials.
Entities and attributes: shelter frame (privacy), sheeting (or leaves) (location,form), leaves (location), twine (use), roof beam | material for roof beam (material), side rails (exposure), rope (form), sheeting (stability,sheeting), material for roof (availability), shelter (water resistance), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: strength of "v" poles (strength), stability of a frame (stability), strength of platform (strength), camper (location), 

A person's goal is to transfer your cellphone phone book to your prius.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Determine if your phone is compatible with your head unit.
Entities and attributes: it was unknown if phone | phone compatibility (knowledge), phone | head unit | vehicle (power,power), compatibility (knowledge), 
Step: Activate the Accessory mode on your vehicle.
Entities and attributes: car power (power), driver (location), phone | head unit | vehicle (power), key (location), accessory mode (power), bluetooth (power), 
Step: Pair your phone to the head unit.
Entities and attributes: phone | head unit | vehicle (connection,organization), cable (connection), 
Step: Ensure your phone is synced to the car.
Entities and attributes: phone | head unit | vehicle (connection,synchronicity), it (knowledge), screen (knowledge), 
Step: Transfer contacts from your phone.
Entities and attributes: contacts (location | synchronicity,openness,position), 
Step: Access the contacts list located on the head unit.
Entities and attributes: contacts (availability), 

A person's goal is to make potato and pea balls.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Make the mashed potatoes if not done already.
Entities and attributes: potatoes | poatoes (cooked or not | composition | texture | shape,temperature,smoothness | moisture), bowl | spoon (weight,cleanness,fullness), 
Step: Mix together the mashed potatoes, peas, cheese and egg yolk.
Entities and attributes: potatoes | poatoes (smoothness | moisture), yolk (location), bowl | spoon (weight), peas, cheese and egg yolk (temperature), ingredients (composition,location), egg (composition), cheese (composition), spices (moisture), 
Step: Shape into small balls.
Entities and attributes: mixture | parts of mixture | oil (location,size | complexity,shape | temperature | taste), potatoes | poatoes (cooked or not | composition | texture | shape), plate (cleanness,weight,fullness), egg (temperature), 
Step: Roll each ball in a mixture of flour, egg and breadcrumbs to coat.
Entities and attributes: plate (cleanness,weight,fullness), egg (composition), mixture of breadcrumbs (location), balls (texture,coating,complexity), 
Step: Either shallow or deep fry, depending on your preference.
Entities and attributes: mixture | parts of mixture | oil (temperature,texture,odor,cooked), potatoes | poatoes (cooked or not | composition | texture | shape), pan | stove (temperature,power,cleanness,fullness), balls (coating), 
Step: Remove from the oil or oven when golden brown.
Entities and attributes: mixture | parts of mixture | oil (temperature,sound,shape | temperature | taste,texture,odor), ball (location), pan | stove (power), breadcrumbs (texture,color), egg (cooked or not), balls (color), 

A person's goal is to make food for baby alive doll.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: First, get out a mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: baking soda | baking soda and water (location), spoon (cleanness,location), mixing bowl | bowl (cleanness,location,container), 
Step: After the baking soda has been added into the bowl, pour in three tablespoons of water.
Entities and attributes: water (location), baking soda | baking soda and water (location,composition,wetness), water faucet (power), mixing bowl | bowl (weight,wetness,cleanness,volume), 
Step: Once you have poured the baking soda and water into the mixing bowl, you should have a delicious mixture for your Baby Alive.
Entities and attributes: mixture (composition,color), dye (location), 
Step: Using a spoon, stir the mixture until the contents are completely blended in.
Entities and attributes: baking soda | baking soda and water (composition,color), mixture (texture,composition), spoon (cleanness,location), contents (texture), 
Step: To make the food in a packet for mixing with water and feeding while traveling, mix food coloring and baking soda and place it in a tiny bag.
Entities and attributes: mixture (location,color), ingredients (location,composition,color), bag (volume,cleanness), 
Step: For Baby Alive juice that's in a packet, take a tiny bit of paper towel, color it all over with a washable marker of your choice of color, and put it in a bag; to prepare the juice, put it in water, mix it around until the water is colored, and take out the paper towel.
Entities and attributes: bit of paper towel | paper towel (color,location,wetness | composition), water (color), marker (location), components (composition), juice (moisture), 

A person's goal is to use mouthwash for household problems.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Clean your computer screen and leave a minty scent (but NOT for LCD screens!
Entities and attributes: keyboard (feel), napkin (location), cap (location), mouthwash (location), screen | monitor (scent,cleanness,moisture content | moisture), dirt (location), computer screen (cleanness), bottle (capacity), rag | cloth (feel | wetness), 
Step: Use it in the bathroom beyond your mouth.
Entities and attributes: liquid (location), toilet (cleanness), cap (location), mouthwash (location), bottle (container), 
Step: Make an odor-eater in the kitchen.
Entities and attributes: cottom | cotton (feel), mouthwash (location), cotton ball (wetness), hands (wetness), 
Step: Turn it into a great laundry aid.
Entities and attributes: washing machine (cleanness | moisture content,weight), mouthwash (location), door (container), cup (weight), 
Step: Create an anti-fungus treatment.
Entities and attributes: fungus (life | viability), mouthwash (location), squirt bottle (capacity), plant | skin (infection,feel | moisture), 
Step: Use it as a low-cost skin treatment.
Entities and attributes: cottom | cotton (feel), mouthwash (location), plant | skin (feel | moisture), bottle (container), face (moisture content), 

A person's goal is to keep sugar from clumping.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Choose a better storage container, and pour the sugar in there.
Entities and attributes: decision which storage container to use (step), sugar storage location (location), original bag (location), old sugar container | new sugar container (volume,location,location), sugar (location), container (volume), 
Step: Choose one that features a tightly-fitting lid.
Entities and attributes: knowledge of moisture absorbents (knowledge), rice grains (availability,location), lid | air (pressure | moisture), container (volume), 
Step: Scoop out only the amount of sugar you need (and no more) when scooping out sugar for your ingredients list.
Entities and attributes: scoop volume (knowledge), sugar in container | sugar scoop (volume), sugar (location), scoop (location), recipe (knowledge), 
Step: Make sure the sugar bowl is dry, as any water may bind two or more sugar-grains together.
Entities and attributes: sugar location | sugar bowl (observation), sugar (location), bowl (location,moisture), 
Step: Choose a place that has very low humidity; usually far away from the stove in the kitchen.
Entities and attributes: hygrometer (location), lid | air (pressure | moisture), sugar location | sugar bowl (location,humidity), sugar (texture), humidity (knowledge), 
Step: Reduce the moisture that may exist in your kitchen or storage place.
Entities and attributes: dehumidifier (location), cabinets (st), moisture (humidity), 

A person's goal is to grow lamb&#x27;s lettuce (mache, corn salad).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Grow from seed into seedlings or purchase seedlings.
Entities and attributes: seedlings | seeds/seedlings (cost), seeds (location,moisture,color,brightness), container | lettuce (size), 
Step: Plant in a wide, shallow container.
Entities and attributes: seedlings | seeds/seedlings (cost), container | lettuce (container | location,location), 
Step: Add fertile potting soil to the container.
Entities and attributes: container | lettuce (weight,volume), potting soil (location), soil (location,ownership,shape), 
Step: Pick the leaves every few days.
Entities and attributes: leaves (location), plants (size), 
Step: Add a fertiliser every two weeks.
Entities and attributes: soil (composition,wetness), fertilizer (composition), plants (color,strength), 
Step: Sow new batches every two to four weeks so that you have a regular supply.
Entities and attributes: empty spaces (size), container | lettuce (volume), 

A person's goal is to make your own necklace for a party.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Add on the Iron Bead Tip.
Entities and attributes: iron bead tip (location | step,shape), wire | bead | beads (weight,location | beaded,length), string (composition), 
Step: Pick up both two wire, string the transparent 12/0 Glass Seed Beads one after one.
Entities and attributes: glass seed beads (location), necklace (weight), seed beads (step), wire | bead | beads (location | beaded), 
Step: Make the main part of necklace.
Entities and attributes: necklace (composition), 
Step: Part c in this necklace making instructions:
Entities and attributes: part c in instructions | part a in instructions (step), glass beads (location), wire tips (orientation), 
Step: Part a in this necklace making instructions:
Entities and attributes: part c in instructions | part a in instructions (step), glass beads (location), wires (orientation), 
Step: Do again the steps b and c.
Entities and attributes: necklace (albedo), glass beads (location), steps b and c (step), wires (orientation), 

A person's goal is to make a lemon scented dusting cloth.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cut cheesecloth/muslin into squares that are about the same size as dusting wipes that you are used to using.
Entities and attributes: pieces of cheesecloth | cheesecloth pieces (numbers | size), cheesecloth (size | shape,location | orientation,composition), scissors (openness,sharpness), 
Step: Pour the lemon oil into the hot water in a bucket.
Entities and attributes: squares | water (smell), lemon oil bottle (location,fullness | weight), lemon oil (temperature | location,composition), bucket | water (weight | fullness,temperature,location,moisture), 
Step: Dip the cheesecloth squares into the bucket and allow to soak for about 10 minutes.
Entities and attributes: cheesecloth (wetness | moisture,location | orientation,weight,scent), bucket | water (weight | fullness), 
Step: Remove the squares and wring until no water drips out.
Entities and attributes: cheesecloth (location | orientation,wetness | moisture), squares | water (moisture | wetness,location,temperature), bucket | water (weight | fullness,temperature), 
Step: Fold and place inside a container.
Entities and attributes: cheesecloth (location | orientation), squares | water (shape), container (cleanness,weight,fullness), 
Step: Use as needed.
Entities and attributes: cheesecloth (location | orientation), container (weight,fullness,smell), table | keyboard (cleanness), wipes (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to walk around with no weapons on halo reach &quot;forge&quot;.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Go to any map on Forge.
Entities and attributes: you (location), map (knowledge), 
Step: Get out a Hologram and a Machine Gun Turret.
Entities and attributes: the hologram | hologram (location), 
Step: Pick up the Hologram.
Entities and attributes: the hologram | hologram (location | knowledge,location), 
Step: Go to the Machine Gun and rip it off.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Press RB and LB at the same time.
Entities and attributes: the buttons (pressure), 
Step: You should be holding no weapons.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to remove soap scum from a dishwasher.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Locate the drain trap.
Entities and attributes: dishwawsher | dishwasher (openness), dishwasher inside (brightness), paper towel (location,moisture | cleanness), drain trap (coverage), manual (location), 
Step: Give the dishwasher a manual scrub.
Entities and attributes: dishwawsher | dishwasher (cleanness), soap (location), soap bottle (fullness | weight), brush (cleanness), hands (moisture), 
Step: Fill a large dishwasher proof bowl with white vinegar.
Entities and attributes: bowl | vinegar (weight,cleanness,fullness,location,location | container), 
Step: Wipe down all the surfaces after the wash.
Entities and attributes: dishwawsher | dishwasher (cleanness,moistuire | moisture), paper towel (moisture | cleanness,age,weight), surfaces (cleanness,dryness), 
Step: Test drive the clean.
Entities and attributes: dishwawsher | dishwasher (openness,moistuire | moisture,fullness), dishwasher` (power), plate (cleanness,location), 
Step: Repeat this cleaning process regularly in order to prevent soap scum build up.
Entities and attributes: dishwawsher | dishwasher (cleanness,openness,moistuire | moisture,scheduling,efficiency), drain trap (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to make egg rolls.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Preheat your deep fryer or frying pan.
Entities and attributes: deep fryer or frying pan | fryer (temperature), vegetable oil (location), deep fryer (location,temperature), cabbage (location), pork (location), oil (temperature), 
Step: Stuff your rolls and don't allow seepage.
Entities and attributes: egg roll wraps (location), sesame oil (location), ginger (location), pork (texture), rolls (fullness,weight,composition), spoon (location), 
Step: Take the bottom point of your wrap and fold it over top of the filling.
Entities and attributes: bottom point of wrap | corner of wrap (folding | shape), top of the filling (covering), egg roll filling (composition), garlic powder (location), wraps (container), bean sprouts (location), filling (exposure), wrap (shape), bowl (location), 
Step: Seal the egg roll.
Entities and attributes: egg roll | egg rolls (shape | rawness), seeped-out filling (location), sealing mixture (location), eggs and water (composition), rolls (fullness), 
Step: Cook your egg rolls.
Entities and attributes: egg roll | egg rolls (shape | rawness,temperature,location), oil temperature (temperature), color (color), rolls (fullness), timer (location), time (magnitude), 
Step: Serve immediately.
Entities and attributes: egg roll | egg rolls (location), taste (taste), kitchen (cleanness), guests (location), 

A person's goal is to use extension tubes to shoot macro.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Gather the camera and one or more extension tubes.
Entities and attributes: camera | camera lenses | screen (location,coverage | protection), extension tubes | extension tube (connections), lenses | lens (location), camera bag (fullness), materials (organization), 
Step: Attach the extension tube to the camera body, then attach the lens to the tube.
Entities and attributes: camera | camera lenses | screen (weight,size,value), extension tubes | extension tube (connections,organization), lenses | lens (location,attachment), tube (location), 
Step: Set up the shot you intend to shoot.
Entities and attributes: camera | camera lenses | screen (location), shot (step), table (cleanness,clarity,preparedness), composition (knowledge), lighting (power), 
Step: Steady the camera with a tripod.
Entities and attributes: camera | camera lenses | screen (location,attachment,power,organization), camera setup (weight), tripod (size | height,shape), 
Step: Turn the camera's exposure dial to the "manual" setting.
Entities and attributes: camera | camera lenses | screen (power,power), dial (orientation), screen (brightness), exposure (amount), 
Step: Focus your shot by looking through the viewfinder and rotating the focus ring at the same time.
Entities and attributes: lenses | lens (location), 

A person's goal is to catch bullhead catfish.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Tie a hook on to the end of your line using a regular clinch knot, multiple lines are an option though bullheads usually don't travel in schools.
Entities and attributes: hook | fishing line (location | form,organization | composition), line (shape | organization,tightness,texture), 
Step: Put a split shot sinker on the line.
Entities and attributes: hook | fishing line (weight), sinked | sinker (organization), line (tightness,shape | organization,weight), split shot sinker (location,shape), 
Step: Put the bobber a few feet above the hook usually.
Entities and attributes: bobber (or,location), 
Step: Bait the hook with something smelly!
Entities and attributes: hook | fishing line (organization | composition,cleanness,weight,material,odor), bait (location), 
Step: Cast out according to the season.
Entities and attributes: hook | fishing line (location), line (length | location,shape | organization), 
Step: Good Luck!
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to install a gas line.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Buy the right gas pipes and fittings for the job.
Entities and attributes: fittings (ownership), gas pipes (ownership | location), pipes (cost), 
Step: Turn off the gas to your house.
Entities and attributes: gas lever | gas valve (position | orientation), gas line | gas line to appliance (location), 
Step: Extend your existing gas line by fitting the valves and pipe lengths you need to add a gas line that will reach your new appliance.
Entities and attributes: line (length), gas line | gas line to appliance (length), 
Step: Use a flexible pipe to connect the end of your new gas line to the appliance.
Entities and attributes: flexible pipe | appliance (organization | connectedness), pipe (flexibility), 
Step: Spread a mixture of 1:1 water and dish liquid over each seam in your gas line.
Entities and attributes: soap | soap mixture (location), line (wetness), gas line | gas line to appliance (wetness), water (location), dish liquid (location), seams (wetness), 
Step: Turn the gas back on by returning the valve to parallel to the incoming pipe.
Entities and attributes: gas lever | gas valve (position | orientation), gas (power), valve (orientation), pipe (fullness), 

A person's goal is to effectively use star power in guitar hero.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: To activate star power (SP) tilt up the neck of your guitar or press select.
Entities and attributes: guitar hero (electric conductivity), guitar neck (position), guitar (location,position), 
Step: In order to get star power you have to hit all the notes in a star power sequence perfectly.
Entities and attributes: finger (location), button (position), 
Step: If you are playing a song that has a part(s) that you often fail at then when that part comes up, wait till you are in the red, then activate star power.
Entities and attributes: star power (fullness), skill (skill), 
Step: If you are trying to get a high score on a song, wait till there is a part in the song that you can hit perfectly to activate star power so you get the 8x multiplier.
Entities and attributes: score (skill), player (activation), 
Step: To get a lot of points, wait till there is a lot of notes being played for a higher score.
Entities and attributes: notes (amount), 
Step: Star power is most effective when there is a part in a song where there are a lot of notes in quick succession being played.
Entities and attributes: notes (color,speed), 

A person's goal is to act funny in a black ops ii match.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a match, start ranting.
Entities and attributes: you (volume), voice (sound), chat (power), player (volume), people (motion), room (stability), 
Step: Overreact to deaths (not using a serious or angry tone).
Entities and attributes: reaction (tone), loading screen (appearance), character (location), 
Step: Do impressions and imitations of celebrities.
Entities and attributes: you (humor), voice (sound), 
Step: If you don't care about your K/D R, dance around the map and sing random songs.
Entities and attributes: you (movement,tone), player (volume,motion), legs (temperature), body (motion), 
Step: Try to include your fellow players.
Entities and attributes: other players (group), 
Step: Have fun!
Entities and attributes: you (mood), face (pressure), 

A person's goal is to do a fartlek workout.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Plan your usual running route.
Entities and attributes: running clothes (location), running shoes (location), route (organization | knowledge), mind (focus), 
Step: When you get near your identifying place, speed up as you head toward your landmark and maintain this speed for 200–400 meters (656.2–1,312.3 ft).
Entities and attributes: speed | pace | breathing (speed,intensity), eyes (focus), heart (speed), muscles (intensity), feet (speed), person (speed), 
Step: Slow down to the original pace, or even to a jogging pace, and allow your breathing and other systems to return to normal.
Entities and attributes: speed | pace | breathing (speed,intensity), heart rate | heartbeat (speed), runner (speed), muscles (relaxation), feet (pace), 
Step: Add in another speed burst area.
Entities and attributes: speed | pace | breathing (speed), heart rate | heartbeat (speed), muscles (intensity), body (pace), 
Step: Vary the fartlek workout.
Entities and attributes: speed | pace | breathing (intensity), heart rate | heartbeat (speed), muscles (speed), 
Step: Run the last part at an easy pace.
Entities and attributes: speed | pace | breathing (speed), heart rate | heartbeat (intensity), muscles (intensity), feet (pace), 

A person's goal is to make miso soup.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour the dashi into a large saucepan or pot, place it on the stove, and turn the heat onto "high".
Entities and attributes: stove | saucepan (temperature,power), dashi | dash (temperature,location), dashi bottle (weight), dial (orientation), pot (cleanness,temperature), 
Step: Place the seaweed into a small bowl and add water into the bowl, until it covers it well.
Entities and attributes: bowl | bowls (weight,cleanness,wetness | moisture), seaweed (wetness | moisture | composition,location,hydration,covering | coverage), water (location), 
Step: Melt the miso by putting it into a cup, and pour a little bit of dashi on it to melt it down.
Entities and attributes: dashi | dash (location,flavor), miso (location,wetness,texture,temperature,composition), miso container (weight,fullness), cup (cleanness,emptiness,temperature), 
Step: Cut the tofu into 1 centimeter (0.4 in) squares.
Entities and attributes: knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture), tofu pieces (size), tofu (composition,shape,location), 
Step: Add the wakame to the pan.
Entities and attributes: bowl | bowls (fullness | emptiness,weight), seaweed (hydration,temperature), wakame (location,temperature), pan (weight,fullness), 
Step: Serve the miso soup in bowls.
Entities and attributes: bowl | bowls (fullness | emptiness,cleanness,temperature,wetness | moisture), miso soup | soup (location), pot (emptiness), 

A person's goal is to breed on nintendogs.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Buy a male and female dog of the same breed on the same day.
Entities and attributes: male dog | female dog | dog (availability), dogs (ownership,hunger), store (container), 
Step: Get the dogs to bond.
Entities and attributes: dogs (relationship | closeness,location,hunger), 
Step: You can even put music on for breeding.
Entities and attributes: male dog | female dog | dog (sound), dogs (hunger,condition), music (power), pen (sound), 
Step: Feed the dogs only milk and dry food or natural dog food.
Entities and attributes: dogs (hunger), food (location), dog bowl (volume), milk (location), 
Step: Do this routine for about 4 days or until the female gets fat.
Entities and attributes: male dog | female dog | dog (size), female (shape,size), puppies (composition), 
Step: Wait.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to cook a veal roast.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Preheat oven to 350 degrees (turn down temperature to 325 degrees after one hour).
Entities and attributes: roasting pan | food | pan | sun | oven (temperature), heat | meat (location), oven dial (location), 
Step: Cover meat with a layer of mustard.
Entities and attributes: mustard container (weight,fullness), heat | meat (bareness,weight,composition | coverage,wetness,color), mustard (location), veal dish (height), 
Step: You also choose to add vegetable, chicken or beef stock to the pan instead of water or wine.
Entities and attributes: vegetable, chicken or beef stock (location), roasting pan | food | pan | sun | oven (weight,fullness,wetness,container), stock (location), 
Step: Cover the roasting pan and place in the oven, cooking for about 1 hour per kilo (2.2 lbs.
Entities and attributes: roasting pan | food | pan | sun | oven (cover,temperature,location,rawness), oven (fullness), lid (location), 
Step: After one hour, turn heat down to 325 degrees.
Entities and attributes: roasting pan | food | pan | sun | oven (temperature,temperature,rawness), dial (location), 
Step: Remove from oven and once cooled, refrigerate for 4-5 hours or overnight.
Entities and attributes: refrigerator (fullness), roasting pan | food | pan | sun | oven (location,temperature,temperature), heat | meat (location,temperature), oven door (location), 

A person's goal is to cut brick.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Use a pencil and a triangular layout square to draw a line on each side of the brick at the place it will be cut.
Entities and attributes: chisel | brick (color,measured,organization), pencil (sharpness,location), 
Step: Rest the brick on the ground or in a sand bed.
Entities and attributes: chisel | brick (location), 
Step: Hammer the chisel gently all along the marked line, alternating the chisel's angle from side to side to form a groove 1/16 inch (0.15 cm) deep all the way around the brick.
Entities and attributes: hammer | brick hammer (power), chisel | brick (location | shape,orientation,ownership,texture), 
Step: Take a brick set or chisel and place its cutting edge in the chiseled groove.
Entities and attributes: chisel | brick (location | shape,weight), brick set | brickset (location,orientation,pressure), 
Step: Hammer the brick set solidly once with the brick hammer.
Entities and attributes: hammer | brick hammer (location,power,orientation), chisel | brick (texture,size), brick set | brickset (orientation), 
Step: Use the chisel end of the brick hammer to chip off any excess remaining brick.
Entities and attributes: hammer | brick hammer (power,orientation), chisel | brick (location | shape,weight,cleanness), excess brick (location), brick ends (shape), brick end (texture), remaining brick (orientation), 

A person's goal is to set goals to reduce water usage in your home.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Set specific water reduction goals.
Entities and attributes: water usage | water bill | water use | water usuage (amount | cost,familiarity), goals | goal (knowledge), water reduction goals (step), water (cost,attitude,focus), 
Step: Determine a baseline to start reducing from.
Entities and attributes: water usage | water bill | water use | water usuage (amount | cost,cost), baseline | baseline for reducing (knowledge | step,knowledge), 
Step: Make specific changes in products used and family member habits.
Entities and attributes: water usage | water bill | water use | water usuage (amount | cost), water drainage (location), sidewalks (method), faucets (duration), showers (volume), gardens (composition), cars (cleanness), specific changes (step), 
Step: Get your family involved by asking for specific changes in everyone's habits.
Entities and attributes: water usage | water bill | water use | water usuage (amount | cost), entire family (change), 
Step: Once a month, add the new usage information to the charts and make adjustments as needed to reach your goals.
Entities and attributes: water usage | water bill | water use | water usuage (amount | cost), progress | information (knowledge), adjustments for new usage (step), 
Step: Use the money saved to do something fun with your family.
Entities and attributes: water usage | water bill | water use | water usuage (amount | cost), the family (mood), money (cost), 

A person's goal is to make a snowball smoothie.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour 1 - 2 shots of Advocaat into a blender filled with ice cubes.
Entities and attributes: blender | ice cream | advocaat (cleanness,weight | volume,location,container | location,temperature), advocaat container (weight,fullness), advocaat (temperature), ice cubes (location,size, shape), cabinet (capacity), 
Step: Pour in some fresh ice cream in the blender or shaker.
Entities and attributes: blender | ice cream | advocaat (container | location,weight | volume,form), ice cream container (weight,fullness,location), blender or shaker (weight,fullness,temperature), ice cubes (cleanness), spoon (container), freezer (weight), 
Step: Add as much plain yogurt to the mixture as desired.
Entities and attributes: plain yogurt container (fullness | weight), yogurt container | plain yogurt | yogurt (container | location,temperature), blender | ice cream | advocaat (weight | volume,fullness), yogurt (location), blender sides (cleanness), refrigerator (weight), mixture (thickness), 
Step: Turn on the blender.
Entities and attributes: blender | ice cream | advocaat (cleanness,power), electricity usage (consumption), blender blades (movement), kitchen (sound), ingredients (orientation,form), 
Step: After it's done, pour your drink into a glass and put into refrigerator to chill.
Entities and attributes: blender | ice cream | advocaat (weight | volume,fullness,location), drink (location,temperature), glass (cleanness,fullness,temperature,wetness,container | weight), refrigerator (capacity), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: drink (taste), task (completion), 

A person's goal is to build a bicycle cargo trailer.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Build the main body.
Entities and attributes: pieces of wood (composition), matrials for building trailer body (knowledge), plans for building trailer body (availability), steel stock and gusset plates (location), trailer materials (availability), gusset plates (location), the boards (location), steel stock (location), 
Step: Find 16" wheels (preferably recycled ones).
Entities and attributes: the trailer (height | weight,capability), availability of recycled wheels (availability), where to find 16 inch wheels (location), wheels, suspension and axle (composition), wheels (composition,availability), frame | top of the frame (location), you (possession), 
Step: Attach a trailer arm.
Entities and attributes: the trailer (height | weight,length), where to obtain trailer arm (location), pivot point attachmnt (availability), arm and pivot point (location), trailer arm (position), wood (complexity), 
Step: Fold an electrical cover plate in half.
Entities and attributes: the electrical plate (width), where to buy electrical cover plate (knowledge), folded plate and trailer (location), cover plate (shape,size), how to fold cover plate (knowledge), license plate (organization), 
Step: Screw a piece of appropriately sized and precut plywood to the top of the frame.
Entities and attributes: the frame (covering,thickness | weight), frame measurements (knowledge), plywood (location,length), frame | top of the frame (density | shape,weight), screws (availability), drill (availability), 
Step: Test drive your trailer carefully.
Entities and attributes: trailer (mobility), car/trailer combo (speed), trailer and car (organization), 

A person's goal is to mash potatoes when camping.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cook the peeled potatoes over the fire or on the camp stove.
Entities and attributes: fire place or camp stove | pan (temperature,volume), water (temperature), water volume (volume), peeled potatoes | potatoes (temperature | shape | taste,temperature | form,texture), 
Step: Take an unopened can of food.
Entities and attributes: can of food | can (location), 
Step: Drain the potatoes and allow to cool.
Entities and attributes: fire place or camp stove | pan (temperature,weight,fullness), water (location,temperature), peeled potatoes | potatoes (temperature | shape | taste), pot (volume), 
Step: Place one end of the can into the container holding the potatoes.
Entities and attributes: end of can (location,cleanness), can of food | can (location), container (weight), 
Step: Add oil or butter, water or milk and whisk around with a camping fork until well mixed.
Entities and attributes: oil or butter, water or milk containers (fullness), fire place or camp stove | pan (weight,fullness,wetness), oil or butter, water or milk (location), peeled potatoes | potatoes (temperature | shape | taste), ingredients (separateness), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: food (location), peeled potatoes | potatoes (temperature | shape | taste), 

A person's goal is to build a campfire pit.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Survey your camping site for a place that is safe to build your fire pit that is safe for you and for your surroundings:
Entities and attributes: camping site (surveillance), 
Step: Dig a pit with a shovel to a depth of at least 12” (304.8 mm).
Entities and attributes: pit | fire pit area | fire pit (depth | size), shovel (cleanness,wear | usage), dirt (location), ground (shape,evenness), 
Step: Place rocks around the perimeter of your fire pit.
Entities and attributes: ground around perimeter (coverage,looseness), rocks (location,organization), pit | fire pit area | fire pit (orientation), 
Step: Fill the pit 2/3 full with dry kindling and firewood.
Entities and attributes: dry kindling (location), firewood (location), pit | fire pit area | fire pit (fullness | volume), kindling (location), 
Step: Have a bucket of water and a shovel nearby so that you can quickly extinguish the fire should it threaten to get out of control.
Entities and attributes: bucket of water (location), area of ground (coverage), activity (safety), shovel (location), bucket (fullness | volume,wetness), 
Step: Pour water on the fire when you are ready to leave.
Entities and attributes: kindling and firewood (wetness,temperature), fire (temperature), pit | fire pit area | fire pit (wetness,temperature), water (location), bucket (fullness | volume), 

A person's goal is to remove epoxy paint from concrete.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: There are two basic methods available:
Entities and attributes: methods (state of number), 
Step: Your choice of stripper can vary a lot depending on where you live.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Clear the surface off and wash it.
Entities and attributes: washing supplies (location), epoxy | surface | scrubber (cleanness,wetness), wall mark (moisture), scrubber (cleanness), wall (cleanness,color,texture), suface (cleanness), 
Step: Most strippers have coverage rules and significant soak times that are required to cut through the paint bond.
Entities and attributes: stripper (location,ownership), instructions (comprehension), 
Step: Work in small areas and work towards one side of the surface.
Entities and attributes: stripper fluid (location), epoxy | surface | scrubber (cleanness,composition), 
Step: Give the stripped area plenty of ventilation for several days.
Entities and attributes: stripped area (odor,moisture,texture), epoxy | surface | scrubber (location), wall (cleanness), 

A person's goal is to fight a duel (the modern way).
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: React with decorum to a perceived slight.
Entities and attributes: offense (location), duel (completion), 
Step: Arrange for a neutral observer or more to aid your duelling.
Entities and attributes: duel (completion), 
Step: Fight a duel in a gentlemanly fashion so that on both sides honour may be satisfied.
Entities and attributes: honour (honour), duel (completion), 
Step: Try modern techniques for duelling.
Entities and attributes: thumbs (location), 
Step: Pepper your language with well-mannered expletives during your duel.
Entities and attributes: insults (knowledge), 
Step: Be satisfied that honour has been restored.
Entities and attributes: honour (honour), 

A person's goal is to use aaa batteries as aa batteries.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Get your device that needs AA batteries and get your AAA batteries.
Entities and attributes: game boy advance (location), batteries (location), aaa batteries (location), device (location), 
Step: Grab some aluminum foil.
Entities and attributes: aluminum (location), foil (location | shape), aluminum foil (location), 
Step: Place the AAA batteries into your device's battery slot.
Entities and attributes: batteries (location), battery slot (container), aaa batteries (location), 
Step: Rip a piece of aluminum foil and curl it into a small ball.
Entities and attributes: piece of tin foil (shape), foil (location | shape,size), 
Step: Place the aluminum foil in the gap.
Entities and attributes: foil (location | shape), aluminum foil (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to make tartine with rillettes of smoked salmon.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: In a food processor on high speed, blend the smoked salmon, 2 tablespoons of whipping cream and a pinch of salt and pepper.
Entities and attributes: cream | whipping cream | bread | bread and rillettes (location), pepper (location,composition), salmon (location,texture), salt (location), salmon, whipping cream, salt, and pepper (location), salmon, whipping cream,salt, and pepper (ownership), food processor | blender (cleanness,fullness | volume,power | electric conductivity,volume,moisture), smoked salmon (location), blender (cleanness), blades (cleanness), ingredients (composition), 
Step: If it still looks “crumbly”, add some extra cream, until you have a smooth and spreadable blend.
Entities and attributes: cream | whipping cream | bread | bread and rillettes (location), salmon (texture), mixture | spread (texture), food processor | blender (power | electric conductivity,moisture,sound,electric conductivity), blender (cleanness), blades (motion), cream carton (weight | fullness), additional cream (composition), ingredients (organization), cream container (location), 
Step: Spread the rillettes over 2 slices of bread.
Entities and attributes: cream | whipping cream | bread | bread and rillettes (position | composition,location,moisture,taste,weight), rillettes (location), mixture | spread (location), food processor | blender (weight,fullness | volume,volume), plate | serving plate (weight,cleanness), blender (weight), 
Step: Decorate with fresh parsley.
Entities and attributes: cream | whipping cream | bread | bread and rillettes (presentation | decoration,weight), knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture | moisure), plate | serving plate (weight), parsely | parsley (location,size | composition,ownership,length), rillettes and crackers (decoration), parsley container (weight), toppings (colors), dish (decoration), 
Step: Serve with a slice of lemon, to squeeze out on top, at degustation.
Entities and attributes: lemon | lemon juice (size | composition | length,location,ownership), rillettes (taste), knife | cutting board (cleanness,moisture | moisure,texture), garnish (location), 
Step: Finished.
Entities and attributes: cream | whipping cream | bread | bread and rillettes (location,weight), food processor | blender (cleanness), lemon slices (location), plate | serving plate (weight,cleanness,volume | fullness), 

A person's goal is to stop other people from winning roblox tycoons.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Login and head to the catalog.
Entities and attributes: roblox knowledge | knoiwledge of how to play roblox (knowledge), desire for revenge (availability), roblox catalog (availability), login (step), catalog (step), computer (location), roblox (cost), 
Step: Search paintball and click a paintball gun that you like.
Entities and attributes: paint ball (step), color of gun | color of your gun (color), paintball guns (availability), search terms (location), paint ball gun | your gun (step), search text for paintball (step), search results (visibility), search bar (location), search box (location), funds (magnitude), 
Step: Enter a tycoon with gear allowed and get a tycoon.
Entities and attributes: tycoon (location,step), tycoon owner | tycoon ownership (ownership), your position (location), roblox hacks (knowledge), 
Step: Enter another persons tycoon if possible.
Entities and attributes: tycoon (location,ownership), 
Step: Use the paintball gun on buttons.
Entities and attributes: tycoon (location), paintball gun (step | purpose), repeat times (magnitude), buttons (location), paintball target (step), funds (magnitude), paint (location), 
Step: Leave tycoon or upgrade income to build more stuff quicker.
Entities and attributes: tycoon (step), robux (location), income (magnitude,status), 

A person's goal is to knit the veil stitch.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Cast on any number of stitches.
Entities and attributes: yarn | stitch (location | orientation,shape), needle and yarn (composition), 
Step: Slide the working needle as if to knit.
Entities and attributes: yarn | stitch (shape), working needle (position), needle (composition,speed), 
Step: Then, wrap the yarn clockwise in the left needle.
Entities and attributes: yarn | stitch (location | orientation), 
Step: Wrap the yarn in the right needle again counterclockwise.
Entities and attributes: yarn | stitch (shape), 
Step: Catch the last wrapping loop and draw it through.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: Slide the stitch off the needle.
Entities and attributes: yarn | stitch (location | orientation,pressure), 

A person's goal is to measure for blinds.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Be sure to measure accurately.
Entities and attributes: width (accuracy), measuring tape (cost,openness), blind dimensions (size), curtain (openness), 
Step: Measure the width of the recess in three places: at the top, at the middle, and at the bottom.
Entities and attributes: recess (size), measuring tape (location | orientation | position), blind measurements (knowledge), tape measure (orientation), 
Step: Measure the height of the window recess three times: at the left, in the center, and at the right.
Entities and attributes: measuring tape (location | orientation | position), height (size), tape measure (length), 
Step: Determine where the mount will be.
Entities and attributes: mount locale (moving), mount style (composition), wall (color), wall mount (knowledge), 
Step: Measure from the proposed location of the mount down to 2–4 inches (5.1–10.2 cm) below the bottom of the window.
Entities and attributes: measuring tape (location | orientation | position,length), person (location), locale of mount (color), 
Step: Measure for width.
Entities and attributes: width (size), measuring tape (location | orientation | position,openness), arms (orientation), 

A person's goal is to make last minute brandy custard.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour the prepared custard into a large mixing bowl.
Entities and attributes: custard | custard container | the custard (location | weight), the spoon | bowl | the bowl (weight,cleanness,cleanness,fullness | volume,wetness), the custard (location), the bowl (weight,cleanness), spoon (cleanness), 
Step: Pour in the brandy.
Entities and attributes: the container of brandy | brandy bottle (weight,volume), custard | custard container | the custard (alcohol content,taste | odor), the spoon | bowl | the bowl (weight,volume), the custard (composition), the brandy (location), the bowl (weight), brandy (location), shot glass (cleanness | moisture), custard and brandy (composition), 
Step: Whip 1 cup of cream.
Entities and attributes: cream container (weight | fullness), the custard and brandy (composition,temperature), cream | custard and cream (location | composition,temperature | texture,composition,thickness | size), the spoon | bowl | the bowl (weight), the whisk (location,cleanness,weight), the bowl (cleanness), whisk (cleanness), air holes in cream (complexity), mixer (power,humidity), 
Step: Fold the whipped cream into the custard.
Entities and attributes: the custard and brandy (composition), custard | custard container | the custard (temperature,size), cream | custard and cream (location | composition,color | flavor | odor,temperature | texture), the spoon | bowl | the bowl (weight), the spatula | spatula (location,cleanness,weight), mixture (texture), the mixture (thickness), 
Step: Cover and place in the refrigerator.
Entities and attributes: the refrigerator | fridge (volume | fullness), custard | custard container | the custard (location | weight,temperature,texture), the spoon | bowl | the bowl (temperature,coverage | covering,location), plastic wrap (temperature,location), the bowl (weight), mixture (temperature), 
Step: Serve.
Entities and attributes: the refrigerator | fridge (volume | fullness), the serving dish (weight,volume,cleanness), custard | custard container | the custard (temperature), the spoon | bowl | the bowl (location), serving dish (cleanness,fullness,weight), the custard (location), mixing bowl (fullness), 

A person's goal is to do a burnout on a motorcycle.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Turn on the motorcycle and keep it in first gear.
Entities and attributes: hands | hand (location), motorcycle (power,location,temperature), key (location,placement), person (orientation), 
Step: Pull in the front brake and the clutch all the way.
Entities and attributes: clutch (location | position), brake | front brake (location | position,location), 
Step: Use your right thumb and turn the throttle while remaining four fingers holding on the front brake and other hand hold clutch, get up to about 7000-8000 RPMs.
Entities and attributes: hands | hand (location), throttle (location | movement), motorcycle (power,motion), thumb (location,movement), four fingers (location), person (orientation), 
Step: Make sure to stand solidly on your feet (if you are still learning do the standing one first) all of your feet touching the ground, to from an A shape with your legs so that your thighs or knees hold the bike from going too much to the right or too much to the left.
Entities and attributes: feet (location), person (postion), 
Step: Slowly start to release the clutch while keeping the front brake pulled tightly.
Entities and attributes: clutch (movement), 
Step: Keep accelerating, you will be making a lot of smoke and turning a lot of heads.
Entities and attributes: throttle (location | movement), motorcycle (speed,quantity), smoke (location), wheels (motion), 

A person's goal is to make a proper jaegerbomb.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pour a shot of Jägermeister into the shot glass.
Entities and attributes: glass | tall glass | bottle | glasses (volume,weight,moisture,cleanness,fullness), jägermeister | jagermeister (location,container), jägermeister bottle (weight | fullness), shot glass (moisture), 
Step: Red Bull into the tall glass.
Entities and attributes: glass | tall glass | bottle | glasses (volume,weight,weight,moisture,fullness), red bull (container | location), can (weight,fullness), 
Step: Hold the tall glass in your primary hand and the shot glass in your secondary hand.
Entities and attributes: glass | tall glass | bottle | glasses (volume,location | locations), hands | hand (fullness | volume), liquids (movement), 
Step: Take a deep breath.
Entities and attributes: lungs (volume,size), chest (size), air (movement), 
Step: When ready, drop the shot glass into the tall glass, bottom first.
Entities and attributes: glass | tall glass | bottle | glasses (fullness), small glass (location), shot glass (location), hands | hand (fullness | volume), ingredients (organization), drinks (composition), drink (movement), 
Step: Chug the Jägerbomb.
Entities and attributes: glass | tall glass | bottle | glasses (volume,fullness), jägermeister | jagermeister (location), stomach (fullness), bomb (location), mouth (volume | fullness), 

A person's goal is to make a garden incinerator.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Procure an aluminum trash can.
Entities and attributes: aluminum trash can (ownership | location), trash can (cost), 
Step: Cut draft holes into the trash can.
Entities and attributes: aluminum trash can (color), can (volume,form), hole cutter bit (organization), aluminum can (shape), drill (power,location), 
Step: Prepare the ground where you will place the garden incinerator.
Entities and attributes: ground (condition,cleanness | area), 
Step: Place bricks underneath the incinerator.
Entities and attributes: can (length,altitude), bricks (location,ownership), 
Step: Fill the trash can with yard waste.
Entities and attributes: can (weight,volume), yard waste (cleanness), trash (location), trash can (volume), 
Step: Burn the yard waste in the garden incinerator.
Entities and attributes: can (volume,temperature), yard waste (temperature | thermal conductivity,size), trash can (weight), 

A person's goal is to change quote&#x27;s costume in cave story for wii.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Open up the Cave Story Wii Channel.
Entities and attributes: cave story (availability), channel | story (openness), 
Step: At the title screen, hold down B and press 1,2,1,2,1,1,1,UP to change Quote's clothes blue.
Entities and attributes: the numbers 1 & 2 (action), quote's clothes (color), 
Step: At the title screen, hold down B and press 1,2,1,2,2 to change Quote's clothes to his traditional red.
Entities and attributes: the clothes (color), quote's clothes (color), color (color), 
Step: At the title screen, hold down B and press 1,2,1,2,1,DOWN to change Quote to his yellow chicken suit.
Entities and attributes: quote (outfit), the clothes (change), yellow chicken suit (knowledge), 
Step: At the title screen, hold down B and press 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, LEFT to change Quote to his Christmas costume (Quote has darker skin and a Santa hat.
Entities and attributes: quote (outfit,change), quotes skin (color), skin color (knowledge), hat (knowledge), 
Step: At the title screen hold down B and press 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, +, +, -, -, RIGHT to change Quote to his Halloween costume (Quote now wears black clothes and has red eyes.
Entities and attributes: quotes eyes (change), quote (outfit,color), 

A person's goal is to get your xbox 360 fixed for free by microsoft.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Call http://www.xbox.com/en-CA/support/contact Xbox support if your Xbox 360 shows the Red Rings of Death.
Entities and attributes: http://wwwxboxcom/en-ca/support/contact xbox support (internet browsing), xbox 360 (functionality), phone (power), 
Step: Follow the instructions of the automated system to talk with an agent.
Entities and attributes: agent (sound,availability), automated system to talk with an agent (activity), instructions (consumption), phone button (functionality), 
Step: Look for a package to arrive in the mail.
Entities and attributes: mailbox (content | fullness,weight), package (location,accessibility), 
Step: Microsoft no longer sends a complimentary shipping box and materials.
Entities and attributes: wwwupscom/shipping (activity), shipping option (choice), shipping fee (spending), 
Step: It typically takes one and a half weeks for the repaired unit to be returned.
Entities and attributes: time (time), repaired unit (packing,location), 
Step: Information on turn around time for shipping, packing instructions, details on the Red Rings issue can all be found at xbox.com>support>xbox 360>top issues>flashing lights and xbox.com>support>xbox 360>top issues>repair>how to get your xbox product repaired.
Entities and attributes: xboxcom>support>xbox 360>top issues>flashing lights and xboxcom>support>xbox 360>top issues>repair>how to get your xbox product repaired (internet browsing), information on turn around time for shipping, packing instructions, details on the red rings issue (consumption), xbox 360 (functionality), computer (power), 

A person's goal is to become a ninja warrior.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: ######For your arm strength, you can do exercises like tricep dips,pull ups, and press ups.
Entities and attributes: triceps (size), arms (location,form,strength), 
Step: ######For your leg strength, you could do heel raises, and squat jumps.
Entities and attributes: legs | leg (strength | location), muscles (size), foot (altitude), 
Step: ######For your abdominal strength do crunches, and sit ups.
Entities and attributes: abdominals (strength), head (location), abdomen (knowledge), torso (shape), muscles (strength), stomach (shape), 
Step: ######Practice free running, otherwise known as parkour.
Entities and attributes: stamina | endurance (strength), legs | leg (speed), 
Step: ######To become a Ninja you need to be good at stealth.
Entities and attributes: 
Step: ######You will also need to perfect your fighting.
Entities and attributes: 

A person's goal is to prevent mildew on wet carpet.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Roll up the carpet if it is not glued to the floor.
Entities and attributes: carpet (location,orientation | shape | space,usability), floor | mop | cap | flooring (coverage | covering,visibility), rug (shape), carpet padding (exposure), floors (texture,temperature), 
Step: Clean the floors thoroughly using a detergent or cleanser appropriate for the type of flooring you have before beginning to clean the carpet.
Entities and attributes: detergent bottle (fullness | weight), floor | mop | cap | flooring (cleanness,moisture), mop (cleanness), detergent (location), 
Step: Spray the carpet using a garden hose with a strong spray nozzle.
Entities and attributes: carpet (wetness | moisture | dryness,cleanness,weight), water | soap (motion), debris | dirt (location), stains (color), hose (power,moisture), 
Step: Pour liquid ammonia or a pine-based cleaner on the carpet.
Entities and attributes: carpet (cleanness,wetness | moisture | dryness,odor | color), ammonia bottle | cleaner bottle (weight,fullness,fullness), ammonia (location), stains (brightness), cleaner (location), 
Step: Use bleach, if needed, to reduce any obvious stains remaining on the carpet and to make sure that all microbes have been killed.
Entities and attributes: carpet (cleanness,odor | color,staining), floor | mop | cap | flooring (moisture,fullness), microbes (living or not), bleach (location), bleach bottle (weight | fullness,openness), stains (color), 
Step: Dry the carpet using a wet-and-dry vacuum that will pull water out of the carpet.
Entities and attributes: carpet (wetness | moisture | dryness,weight), vacuum (power,fullness,weight,moisture), water | soap (location), debris | dirt (location), 

A person's goal is to do a volley in tennis.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Take hold of the racquet with a "chopper" grip.
Entities and attributes: racquet | raquet | racket (location,position), hand | hands (pressure), fingers (position), arm (motion), the racquet (grip), netting (positon), body (pressure), 
Step: As the ball is struck towards you, split step and take note of which side the ball is coming at you.
Entities and attributes: racquet | raquet | racket (location), legs (position), back | ball (position), skin (texture), player | you (orientation | movement,mental state), body (pressure), 
Step: If the ball if coming to your forehand side, let go of the racquet with your non dominant hand and extend your arm so that the ball is going to come into contact with the middle of the racquet face.
Entities and attributes: hand | hands (volume), fingers (pressure), non dominant hand (position), back | ball (speed), skin (temperature), feet (motion), your arm (position), the ball (location), player | you (orientation | movement,location,grip), body (pressure), 
Step: As the ball is about to come into contact with the racquet, step forward with your left leg (right leg if you are left handed)############
Entities and attributes: racquet | raquet | racket (position), leg (motion), back | ball (motion,power), left/right leg (position), muscles (temperature), your leg (position), player | you (location), body (pressure), 
Step: and push the ball over the net generating power from the forward momentum off the step and the speed of the racquet.
Entities and attributes: racquet | raquet | racket (pressure), hand | hands (pressure), legs (stability), back | ball (position,speed,direction), skin (texture), muscles (temperature), the ball (location), 
Step: If the ball is coming to your backhand side, repeat the action except keep both hands on the racquet if you have a 2 handed backhand.
Entities and attributes: hand | hands (pressure), back | ball (speed,direction), feet (location), two hand (placement), head (position), hips (position), body (motion), 

A person's goal is to paint a motorcycle tank.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Remove all of the existing paint.
Entities and attributes: paint (location), paint remover (location), tank (texture | color), motorcycle (color), finish (texture), money (cost), 
Step: Cover all openings with duct tape, and use a utility knife to trim the tape before you paint a motorcycle tank.
Entities and attributes: duct tape (length,location), openings (availability | location), tape (size,shape), 
Step: Apply a minimum of 5 coats of primer.
Entities and attributes: paintbrush | paint brush (cleanness), primer (location,material), tank (texture | color), 
Step: Apply several coats of base paint, and sand with 380-grit sandpaper in between coats.
Entities and attributes: base paint (location | color,material), sandpaper (cleanness), sand with 380-grit sandpaper (material), surface (texture,thickness), tank (texture | color), 
Step: Air brush and add designs, if desired.
Entities and attributes: paint (location,color), air brush (location), designs (material), 
Step: Apply 3 to 4 coats of clear coat polymer.
Entities and attributes: clear coat polymer | clear polymer (texture | location,material), surface (brightness), paint on motorcycle tank (thickness), 

A person's goal is to make fireman&#x27;s corn on the grill.
For each of the steps, what are the involved entities and attributes? 
Step: Pull back but do not cut off shucks on each ear of corn and remove silks.
Entities and attributes: shucks | corn | corn ears | water | coal | coals (location | coverage,shape,coverage,weight), ear (coverage), silk debris (location), silks | silk | salt (location), corn top (texture), 
Step: Place salt in bucket of water and stir till completely dissolved.
Entities and attributes: bucket | water bucket (weight,fullness,wetness,emptiness | volume), water and salt (mixture), water level (height), shucks | corn | corn ears | water | coal | coals (location,saltiness), salt container (weight), silks | silk | salt (location,wetness), spoon (location,wetness), 
Step: Place ears of corn in bucket and soak overnight or at least 4 hours.
Entities and attributes: bucket | water bucket (weight,fullness,emptiness | volume,moisture), ears of corn (wetness), water level (height), the time (time), shucks | corn | corn ears | water | coal | coals (wetness | moisture,location,saltiness,location,emptiness), silks | silk | salt (location), dust (location), 
Step: When corn has done soaking place shucks back over kernels and lay directly on hot coals.
Entities and attributes: water level in bucket | bucket of water (height | weight), bucket | water bucket (weight,fullness,emptiness | volume), shucks | corn | corn ears | water | coal | coals (location,wetness | moisture,location | coverage,temperature,saltiness), 
Step: Cook corn about 15 minutes or until kernels are soft and have a nice golden brown color.
Entities and attributes: the time (time), shucks | corn | corn ears | water | coal | coals (wetness | moisture,location,location | coverage,temperature,weight), grill (temperature), kernels (cooking | rawness,hardness,color), ash (location), 
Step: Remove corn from coals and serve with butter and sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese.
Entities and attributes: parmesan cheese container (fullness), parmesan cheese | cheese (location), plate (cleanness), shucks | corn | corn ears | water | coal | coals (location,temperature,dryness,weight), butter (location,texture,temperature), parmesan container (weight), butter plate (weight), 


